It features nine bad young women who thought they were going to be featured on a show called The Good Life .
Having taken Chinese and Japanese lessons since 1942 , he was able to find work transcribe Allied wire reports for the Japanese , as well as being the English-language editor on the Japanese Hodobu -LRB- å é `` é -- an information or propaganda department -RRB- from 1943 to 1944 .
These players included , Pat Cash , Henri Leconte , Peter Luczak , Alicia Molik and Anastasia Rodionova .
drive Bay is an area in the southern part of Hong Kong Island , located in the Southern District , Hong Kong .
Wilson was sent break due to a drought in the late 1830s and the subsequent depression .
Minnesota '' -LRB- also simply called `` Minnesota '' in early years -RRB- is the state song of Minnesota , and a variation is used as a school song of the University of Minnesota .
4709 m. \/ 15,450 ft. -RRB- is a mountain pass in the Karakorum Mountains , between Pakistan and Xinjiang in China . The Mintaka Pass and the nearby Kilik Pass -LRB- 4,827 m or 15837 f high ; 37 Â 05 ' N ; 74 Â 41 ' E -RRB- , 30 km to the west , were , in ancient times , the two main access points into the Upper Hunza Valley from the north .
His thesis topic was `` Representation of American Sign Language for Machine Translation . ''
He traveled the world and for a time team up with Fred on Yaqui River irregation project in Mexico .
During the 2006-2007 season he played in the ECHL with the Utah silver-tip , and during the 2007-2008 season he played in the CHL with the Arizona sundog .
A plan of action is being carried out to get something done with each of these sites .
Adapted into a play , it was titled Camile in English and became the basis for Verdi 's 1853 opera , La Traviata , Duplessis undergo yet another name change , this time to Violetta Valery .
The most important oxidation states of U are U -LRB- IV -RRB- and U -LRB- VI -RRB- , and their two corresponding oxide are , respectively , U dioxide and U trioxide .
The presidency army were named after the administration : the Bengal Army , the Chennai Army and the Mumbai Army .
dormouse live in small family groups , with home ranges that vary widely between species , and depending on the availability of food .
Calhoun County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia .
Megawati is the daughter of Indonesia 's first president , Sukarno .
Sexual coming , from masturbation or otherwise , leaves one in a relaxed and content state .
After the court decision not to rearrest Van der Sloot was support , Beth Holloway stated , `` I think that what I do take comfort in , his life is a living hell '' , later adding , `` I 'd be good with a Midnight Express prison anywhere for Joran . ''
In the end , Borat do a hip-hop couple with star Max Allard .
It was renamed for Scottish aristocrat James Hamilton , 2nd marquis of Hamilton -LRB- 1589-1625 -RRB- when he purchased the shares originally held in the Virginia Company by Lucy , look of Bedford .
Conversely , the interior of the box has a constant , zero potential .
This trend get a significant problem for the states of Bihar , Uttar Pradesh , Jharkhand , Chhattisgarh , Orissa , Maharashtra , West Bengal , Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh which have influence of Naxalism .
He customarily wore cowboy boots , a white fedora hat and a string tie , kept his hair in a crew-cut , and was rarely seen without a cigar .
Russian licorice -LRB- G. echinata -RRB- and Chinese licorice -LRB- G. uralensis ; -RRB- are also work , the latter being important in traditional Chinese medicine .
Yuki Hamano -LRB- born 23 June 1978 -RRB- is a Japanese football player who plays for Toyama Shinjo Club .
He was elected prince of Romania on 20 April 1866 following the upset of Alexandru Ioan Cuza by a palace coup .
The remains of an ancient barrier reef similar to the Great Barrier Reef can be found in The Kimberley , a northern region of Western Australia .
To date , Hungary has not answered requests from France which is a violation of agreements that mandatory police and judicial cooperation between countries who are members of the European Union as specified in the Treaty of Lisbon .
Mervent is a communicate in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
It is in the eastern Serengeti field in northern Tanzania and is about 48 k long .
Major Barbara was filmed in London during the bombing by the Nazi .
Although Rookie of the Year respect were handed out beginning in 1932 â `` 33 , the Calder Trophy was first presented at the conclusion of the 1936 â `` 37 NHL season .
At the time shipping and air travel were not as well developed , and the project promised to significantly reduce shipping times and costs between Europe and Asia .
The Province of Sassari is a province in the independent island region of Sardinia in Italy .
Because of this , they are often called `` anime style '' emoticons in the English-speaking Internet .
Colby Lopez -LRB- born May 28 , 1986 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler , better known by his ring name Tyler Black .
They are all native to Africa and Asia .
Instead , it was a one-sided match as Australia produced their best performance of the tournament .
Like a pidgin , it focuses on simple concepts and elements that are relatively universal among cultures .
Jason Mark Everman -LRB- born August 16 , 1967 in Kodiak , Alaska -RRB- is an American guitarist who played with heaven and Soundgarden .
The distinctive central control tower , nearly a dozen stories high , is a local landmark with its pair of section egg-shaped pylons and a six-story platform tied between them .
While being attacked by wasted warriors at the vacuum Dam , Percy meets Rachel Elizabeth Dare , a girl who can see through the cloud .
Bill Henson -LRB- born 1955 -RRB- is an Australian contemporary art photographer .
Kaktovik is a city in North side Borough , Alaska , United States .
Fallin was first elected to the Oklahoma House of Representatives in 1990 .
It is currently implemented in all but a few Windows Live services .
This guide should not be used for WikiProject standard .
analysis has a detailed account of psychosis which disagree markedly from that of psychiatry . Freud and Lacan draft their perspective on the structure of psychosis in a number of works .
Bebhionn -LRB- beVEEN -RRB- or Saturn 37 -LRB- provisional appointment S\/2004 S 11 -RRB- is a natural satellite of Saturn .
Thousand Island Bridge Authority is conducting a study to determine , among other things , when the bridge will reach its operational limits and how to reduce delay on the bridge .
On being asked by the judge what answer they could make to the charges laid against them , Potts reports that they `` humbly fell upon their knees with cry charge '' , and `` desired him -LRB- Bromley -RRB- for Gods cause to examine Grace Sowerbutts '' .
An atlas is a collection of maps .
He plays for Kataller Toyama .
Amalthea 's density mean that the moon is composed of water ice with a porosity of 10 â `` 15 % , and Adrastea may be similar .
Although Lloyd 's individual films were not as commercially successful as Charlie Chaplin 's on average , he was far more fertile -LRB- releasing twelve feature films in the 1920s while Chaplin released just three -RRB- , and made more money overall -LRB- $ 15.7 million to Chaplin 's $ 10.5 million -RRB- .
Polyps of the same species release gametes simultaneously over a period of one to several nights around a full moon .
An award winning documentary on his life entitled `` Crossing Borders '' directed by Phanjanit Garnploog can be seen at St. John 's University in New York which includes rare interviews with the director .
Michael Schumacher holds the distinction of having the longest time between his first win and his last .
She was part of the European exchange Erasmus Programme She was dog by the city video cameras part of her way after coming out from a night club , the Portside of Cuba .
The movement took its name from Jacobus the Latin for James .
Petr Illarionovich Shelokhonov , -LRB- , , ; in English also write Pyotr or Peter ; 15 August 1929 -- 15 September 1999 -RRB- was a Russian actor and director , designated good Actor of Russia -LRB- 1979 -RRB- .
It also has shown antimicrobial activity against try of the food-borne pathogen Listeria monocytogenes .
The quotient can also be expressed as the number of times the factor part into the dividend .
Caspar Wessel -LRB- June 8 , 1745 - March 25 , 1818 -RRB- was a Danish-Norwegian mathematician .
The SAT is owned , published , and developed by the College Board , a not-for-profit organization in the United States .
Kosuke Yoshii is a Japanese footballer who plays for Roasso Kumamoto .
An index is a system used to make finding information easier .
The city has two universities : the University of Leeds received its charter in 1904 having developed from the Yorkshire College which was founded in 1874 and the Leeds School of Medicine of 1831 , and Leeds Metropolitan University became a university in 1992 but can trace its roots to the Mechanics Institute of 1824 .
It lies mostly in the Indian State of Rajasthan , and go into the southern portion of Haryana and Punjab states and into northern Gujarat state .
Nicosia is the seat of the University of Cyprus -LRB- UCY -RRB- and four other universities .
These are not always talk by all different soloist .
She attended his funeral on December 21 , 1916 , and her family planned to build a church over the site of Rasputin 's grave .
Susan Kay `` Suzi '' Quatro -LRB- born June 3 , 1950 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter , musician , and actress .
The Atlanta weather are a professional baseball club based in Atlanta , Georgia .
She is best known for being the sponsor of the TV shows Blue Peter , Most ghost and Ghosthunting With ...
JosÃ de Acosta -LRB- September\/October 1539 â `` February 15 , 1600 -RRB- was a Spanish 16th-century Jesuit missionary and naturalist in Latin America .
Bd3 c6 10.0-0 Re8 11 .
Located in the Arab Sea , Lakshadweep is a Union Territory of India off the coast of the southwest state of Kerala .
It featured Peter Potamus the hippo -LRB- sound by daw Butler pose Joe E. Brown -RRB- and his brother , So-So the monkey -LRB- sound by Don Messick -RRB- . Peter was big , purple , and friendly .
The term `` IQ '' comes from the German Intelligenz-Quotient .
He made his Covent Garden debut in 1947 and his Metropolitan Opera in 1966 , becoming a frequent guest director from then on .
A special three-sided colon symbol is used in IPA to indicate that the past sound is long .
The voice of the honey bug is a husky `` khrya-ya-ya-ya '' sound .
The work probably resulted from his link with Mary Parker .
August Rush is a 2007 drama film directed by Kirsten Sheridan and written by Paul Castro , Nick Castle , and James V. Hart , and produced by Richard Barton Lewis .
In some areas of the world , the song 's lyrics have kept it from reaching the Top 40 or even being released at all .
They include termites , locust , thrips , worm and stick insects , among many other types of insects .
He used Cl in an attempt to clean the water and had the handle removed , thus ending the outbreak .
The northern crowd migrate west into southwest Montana in the winter .
On 22 September , French Sudan announced itself the Republic of Mali and take from the French Community .
To use a game port with MIDI instruments , one requires a cable with a male and a female DA-15 and two male 5-pin boom connection .
Lactose intolerance is the inability to metabolize lactose , because of a lack of the required enzyme lactase in the digestive system .
He became incorporated as an independent town in 1792 and was named for John Quincy , just as John Quincy Adams had been . The John Quincy Adams cradle is now part of Adams National Historical Park and open to the public .
Remigen is a municipality in the district of Brugg in the quarter of Aargau in Switzerland .
The island has a small airport and several buildings , including telemetry reception aerial .
Lauris is a communicate in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeast France .
In 168 , as Verus and Marcus Aurelius returned to Rome from the field , Verus fell ill with symptoms attributed to food poison , dying after a few days -LRB- 169 -RRB- .
Along the way , Aang and his friends are dog by various chaser , including Prince Zuko , a bar Fire Nation prince , and Admiral Zhao , a key member of the Fire Navy .
Waleed Muhammad al-Shehri -LRB- , WalÄ `` d ash-Shehr Ä `` , also transcribe as Alshehri -RRB- -LRB- December 20 , 1978 â `` September 11 , 2001 -RRB- was one of five hijackers of American Airlines Flight 11 , which was crashed into the North Tower of the World Trade Center as part of the September 11 attacks .
Code is to the left ; actual give to the right :
Herman -LRB- `` Norrie '' -RRB- Northrop Frye , CC , FRSC -LRB- July 14 , 1912 â `` January 23 , 1991 -RRB- was a Canadian literary critic and literary theorist , considered one of the most influential of the 20th century .
Sir Arthur Ignatius Conan Doyle , DL -LRB- 22 May 1859 â `` 7 July 1930 -RRB- was a Scottish physician and writer , most noted for his stories about the detective PI Holmes , which are generally considered a major innovation in the field of crime fiction , and for the adventures of Professor competition .
Its twin in Sydney are The Daily Telegraph and The Sunday Telegraph .
These numbers are control using a certain algorithm to avoid usage of fake keys .
Straight credit marks -LRB- or italicized straight credit marks -RRB- are often used to near the prime and double prime , e. g. , when mean feet and inches , minute and second or minutes and seconds , where the credit mark represent the latter part of the pair .
Gray 's form for Students is an form text inspired by the famous Gray 's form and aimed primarily at medical students .
tram were abandoned in London on 5 July 1952 , after which street tracks were lifted , but those in the subway mostly remain in place .
Atropine is a tropane alkaloid pull from deadly nightshade -LRB- Atropa belladonna -RRB- , jimsonweed -LRB- Datura stramonium -RRB- , mandrake -LRB- Mandragora officinarum -RRB- and other plants of the family Solanaceae .
A Roman theater was exposed when a pike was built in 1964 .
The Wilhelm scream has become a cinematic sound clichÃ , and by 2008 had been used in many instances , including over 216 movies , television shows and video games .
This family was once considered part of the order Insectivora , but that polyphyletic order is now considered defunct .
In 1871 the area from the Kiso Three Rivers in the north to present-day Tsu became AnÅ tsu Prefecture , and the area south of that became Watarai Prefecture .
man won the Most Valuable Player award in Super Bowl 42 on February 3 , 2008 after he led the Giants to a victory over the previously undefeated New England Patriots .
Amongst them is MimÃ , cough violently .
The two groups have many characteristics in common .
The following is a list of the 542 communicate of the Gironde dÃ partement , in France .
Fontaine - Ã toupefor is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
The team 's majority owner is Hollywood producer Joe Roth , and its minority owners are Adrian Hanauer , Paul Allen and Drew Carey .
As well as being the first woman and the first who has never been married , Gillard is the first Prime Minister since Billy Hughes -LRB- 1915 â `` 1923 -RRB- to have been born overseas .
TÃ cents rgoviÅ te is home to Municipal MCM TÃ cents rgoviÅ te basketball club which compete in the Romanian League and the EuroCup .
When an invasive herbivore or plant enters the system , the balance is thrown off and the diversity can collapse to a monotaxon system .
On September 8 , 2001 , Titania eclipse a bright star -LRB- HIP106829 -RRB- with a visible magnitude of 7.2 ; this was an opportunity to both down the moon 's diameter and ephemeris , and to detect any extant atmosphere .
Music for the first three Bionicle films featured a more classical tune , rather that the techno-like beats used in the ads and life .
On 12 February 2010 , Coe was the 19th runner on the 106th day of the Vancouver Olympic Torch Relay .
Live with Regis and Kelly is a syndicate American television morning talk show , hosted by Regis Philbin and Kelly Ripa .
It was the standard epic time in classical Greek and Latin literature , such as in the Iliad and Aeneid . Its use in other genre of composition include Horace 's irony , and Ovid 's transform .
At the end of June , a mob demonstrated against Cleander during a horse race in the Circus Maximus : he sent the praetorian guard to put down the to-do , but Pertinax , who was now City Prefect of Rome , off the Vigiles Urbani to fight them .
Having not won a Grand Prix as an independent , the team was sold to BMW in 2005 , and compete as BMW Sauber from 2006 to 2009 , scoring one victory . At the end of the 2009 season , however , BMW pulled out of Formula One and the team 's future remained uncertain for several months , until it was sold back to Peter Sauber and granted a 2010 entry .
The Tucci avatar adopted the original card and formula , and became distinguished in its own right , continuing to attract prominent politicians and celebrities .
The airport was closed on 1 January .
Mountain support is a city in southeast Jefferson County , Alabama , and a suburb of Birmingham .
During World War II , Nuremberg was the headquarters of Wehrkreis -LRB- military district -RRB- 13 , and an important site for military production , including plane , hero , and tank engines .
The native name for Middle Iranian -LRB- and perhaps for Old Iranian also -RRB- was PÄ rsik , '' -LRB- language -RRB- of PÄ rs '' , present-day FÄ rs Province .
Meanwhile , Durdles takes Jasper into the cathedral crypt .
Tragedy -LRB- late 6th century BC -RRB- , comedy -LRB- 486 BC -RRB- , and the lech play were the three dramatic genre to issue there .
Mikel Alonso Olano -LRB- born 16 May 1980 in Tolosa , Basque Country -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Tenerife , as a midfielder .
He is also a friend of Set MacFarlane and designed and directed on MacFarlane 's animated short `` Zoo couple . ''
One hundred of these engine were built from 1965-1966 by either English Electric at Vulcan Foundry , Newton-le-Willows , or British Rail -LRB- BR -RRB- at their Doncaster works .
In the late 1960s , fear that Singapore 's growing population might overload the developing economy , Lee started a vigorous ` Stop-at-Two ' family planning campaign .
After appearing in fax in an article written by John Nicolay in 1894 , the Nicolay Copy was presumably among the papers passed to Hay by Nicolay 's daughter Helen upon Nicolay 's death in 1901 . Robert Lincoln began a search for the original copy in 1908 , which resulted in the discovery of a handwritten copy of the Gettysburg Address among the bound papers of John Hayâ '' a copy now known as the `` Hay Draft . ''
Then it also stand-in a to prevent a page from being listed on Special : Shortpages .
Any attempt otherwise to copy , change , sublicense , or lot it is void , and will automatically can your rights under this License .
The Conservative Party is a centre-right political party in the United Kingdom that stick to the philosophy of conservatism and British unionism .
During his university years , Stresemann also became active in Burschenschaften movement of student brotherhood , and became editor , in April 1898 , of the Allgemeine Deutsche UniversitÃ ts-Zeitung , a newspaper run by Konrad Kuster , a leader in the liberal portion of the Burschenschaften .
He rose to international bump as director of the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra and since 2002 has been principal director of the Berlin symphony -LRB- BPO -RRB- .
They have had eight top ten albums and fifteen top ten singles .
She offers him Turkish please as well as the prospect of becoming king if Edmund brings his brother and sisters to her castle .
Jura-Sternwarte Grenchen is located at Grenchen .
Since 2007 , it has been officially organised by the LliÃ n City Council with the collaboration of Leonese language associations .
No high school facilities exist in the town , children travel 365 km to the nearest high school , do home school , or attend room schools .
It was his last game , other than the 1999 Pro Bowl .
A bright , silver gray , tetravalent transition metal , Hf chemically resemble Zr and is found in Zr mineral .
It is said she had a see tooth under the upper lip , and on her right hand six fingers .
Power transmission is the movement of energy from its place of generation to a location where it is applied to performing useful work .
Increased aridity during peak glaciation -LRB- about 18,000 years ago -RRB- may have also contributed to the extinction of the megafauna .
In addition to rhythm , the occasional game may challenge the player to control their volume by measuring how hard they press each button .
An esplanade is a long , open , level area , usually next to a river or large body of water , where people may walk .
`` Queso '' is a 28 second song that is about a quesadilla .
As of 2005 , Colorado has an estimated population of 4,665,177 , which is an increase of 63,356 , or 1.4 % , from the prior year and an increase of 363,162 , or 8.4 % , since the year 2000 .
grandmother Canaria is the second most populous island of the sneak Islands after Tenerife .
It refers to a person appearing nude in a public place or to be seen from a public place .
The first attempt in 1952 to contain Alabaster failed .
The next three are strings ; you can change the text within the string to anything you 'd like , just remember to leave the credit marks in .
General Washington assigned Arnold to the defense of Rhode Island following the British capture of Newport in December 1776 , where the reserves were too poorly equipped to even consider an attack on the British .
In early 2005 , Warner signed a one-year , $ 4-million contract with the Arizona cardinal , and was quickly named the starter by coach Dennis Green .
Chloroform was reported in 1831 by the French chemist EugÃ ne Soubeiran , who prepared it from acetone -LRB- 2-propanone -RRB- as well as ethanol through the action of Cl bleach powder -LRB- Ca hypochlorite -RRB- .
Mariano AndrÃ s PernÃ a Molina -LRB- born 4 May 1977 -RRB- is an Argentine-born Spanish footballer who plays for Club AtlÃ tico Tigre , as a left defender .
It is located at 34 Â 14 ' 0N 72 Â 9 ' 0E and has an EL of 302 metres -LRB- 994 feet -RRB- .
Masturbation is also seen as a sexual technique that protect individuals from the risk of get sexually air diseases .
Principi earned his Juris Doctor degree from Seton Hall in 1975 and was assigned to the United States Navy 's Judge Advocate General Corps in San Diego , California .
Villa Clara is one of the provinces of Cuba .
Each of these `` Netherlands '' had a high degree of self-direction , co-operating with each other mainly on defense and on the international level in general , but keeping to their own affairs elsewhere .
The VicuÃ a and Guanaco can be found living in the Altiplano , while the closely related domestic Llama and Alpaca are widely kept by locals as pack animals and for their meat and wool .
Here the plaintext message `` attack at dawn '' is combined by addition with the keystream `` kjcngmlhylyu '' and produces the ciphertext `` kcvniwlabluh '' .
The term knol , which Google set as a `` unit of knowledge '' , refers to both the project and an article in the project .
Tobacco smoking is the most important single source of Cd exposure in the general population . It has been estimated that about 10 % of the Cd content of a cigarette is inspire through smoking .
On March 27 , 2010 , Peltz made an appearance at the Kids Choice Awards 2010 on Nickelodeon , and also appeared at the 2010 MTV Movie Awards , along with The Last Airbender co-star Jackson Rathbone , presenting a trailer for the film .
Toronto vs. Montreal Canadiens
These various habitat are home to about 3300 species of flower plants and almost the entire area of Cape York Peninsula -LRB- 99.6 % -RRB- still keep its native vegetation and is little split .
The whole eastern half of Darfur is covered with field and low hills of sandy land , known as goz , and sandstone hills .
The town has three main streets : Mollison Street , Piper Street and High Street . Piper Street has the oldest streetscape of these main streets , and still has many of its original buildings .
The presence of gold meant also that there were bushrangers in the area .
Over a twenty-year period ending in 1950 , the state saw its only historical decline in population , dropping 6.9 percent .
Starting with the 2008 Royal Rumble , all WWE pay-per-views are broadcast in North America in High-definition , with similar HD air starting in the United Kingdom and Ireland from WrestleMania 24 .
The received Tao Te Ching is a short text of around 5,000 Chinese characters in 81 brief chapters or sections .
By the night hours , the r of the strongest winds get to 80 mi -LRB- 130 km -RRB- , much smaller than what is typical of a subtropical cyclone .
He was a United States Senator from DE from January 3 , 1973 until his resignation on January 15 , 2009 , following his election to the Vice Presidency .
The eighth and final match of the night was Triple H defending his World giant Championship against Batista .
Honiara , population 49,107 -LRB- 1999 census -RRB- , 78,190 -LRB- 2009 estimate -RRB- , is the capital of the Solomon Islands and of Guadalcanal Province , although it is a separately lot town .
In addition to Goldsworthy and Masterton , the Stars have retired the number 7 of Minnesota native , University of Minnesota graduate and 1980 Olympic hero Neal Broten , C , 1981-93 .
Nadal became the first player since Rod Laver in 1969 to win the French Open , Wimbledon , and the US Open all in the same calendar year , and became the first male player in history to win Grand shot on clay , hard court and grass in the same calendar year .
The Supreme Executive Council of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania ordered that eleven Bell , including the State House bell and the Bell from Philadelphia 's Christ Church and St. Peter 's Church , be taken down and removed from the city to prevent the British , who would run the Bell down to cast into cannon , from taking possession of them .
Pihlajavesi is a lake in Finland .
Varaha is the third Avatar of the Hindu Lord Vishnu , in the form of a Boar .
Neither , however , described God as appearing in three way .
Yokosuka take most of Miura Peninsula , and is march by the mouth of Tokyo Bay to the east and Sagami Bay on the Pacific Ocean on the west .
After graduate from secondary school , Kwok worked as a junior staff in King Fook Gold & jewelry Co. .
Louise Henriette de Bourbon -LRB- 20 June 1726 â `` 9 February 1759 -RRB- , Mademoiselle de Conti at birth , was a French princess , who , by marriage , became Duchess of Chartres -LRB- 1743 â `` 1752 -RRB- , then Duchess of OrlÃ AN -LRB- 1752 â `` 1759 -RRB- upon the death of her father-in-law .
Music from Baz Luhrmann 's Film , Vol .
In Hobart , The Mercury and The Sunday Tasmanian .
Delhi , Mumbai and Bangalore have report for 16.2 % , 9.5 % and 8.1 % respectively of the total IPC crimes reported from 35 mega cities .
It is also possible to accommodate a countably infinite number of new guests : just move the person take room 1 to room 2 , the guest take room 2 to room 4 , and in general room n to room 2n , and all the odd-numbered rooms will be free for the new guests .
Sesser is a city in Franklin County , Illinois , United States .
The Indian Ocean race , P. a. indicus , was at one time considered a full species , the Lesser Red-billed Tropicbird from Pakistan and western India .
For chemical compound containing Cd .
But after the war , in 1947 , Pierre visited Cuba , where he discovered to his surprise that the Cuban dance it differently .
Kosovo will respect the advisory opinion . ''
Urban blacks usually speak English or Afrikaans in addition to their native tongue .
A game , in its simple terms , is a list of possible `` moves '' that two players , called left and right , can make .
The Class 92 is a dual-voltage electric engine which can run on 25 kV AC from smash cable or 750 V DC from a third rail .
This section was re-opened by the Lachlan Valley Railway .
Port valley Football Club is an English football club currently playing in Football League Two .
As the co-founder and first secretary-general of the People 's Action Party -LRB- tit -RRB- , he led the party to eight landslide victory from 1959 to 1990 , manage the separation of Singapore from Malaysia in 1965 and its subsequent transformation from a relatively developing colonial outpost with no natural resources into a `` First World '' , Asian Tiger .
JosÃ PlÃ cido Domingo Embil KBE -LRB- born 21 January 1941 , Madrid -RRB- , better known as PlÃ cido Domingo , is a Spanish strain and director known for his various and strong voice , have a call and dramatic tone throughout its range .
Approximately 15 mi -LRB- 25 km -RRB- southwest of Boonesborough it is joined by the Red River .
On September 30 , a hurricane struck Mantanzas , Cuba then moved north into Maine by October 3 .
Old Delhi -LRB- , PurÄ nÄ `` DillÄ `` -RRB- , wall city of Delhi , was founded as Shahjahanabad -LRB- Hindu : à à 3\/4 à à à à 3\/4 à à 3\/4 à à 3\/4 à , Urdu : Ø Ø Û Ø Û Ø Ù Ø cents Ø Ø Ø -RRB- by Mughal Emperor Shahjahan in 1639 .
Whereas Ara , crack , and Terry chose to participate .
In the simple play , the string is initially wound on the reel by hand ; the yo-yo is then thrown down so that it first come relax the string , then -LRB- by inertia -RRB- rise back wind it up ; and finally the yo-yo is grabbed , ready to be thrown again .
When India became independent in 1947 , Chennai Presidency became the Chennai State , be present-day Tamil Nadu , coastal Andhra Pradesh , northern Kerala , and the southwest coast of Karnataka .
Various companies benefit from the attention surrounding Knut by developing theme products such as ringtones and cuddly toys .
By the time he was 21 , he was a fully qualified engineer .
Following the success of their last album the band wanted to gain a more global success .
A smaller-sized orchestra for this time period -LRB- of about fifty players or fewer -RRB- is called a chamber orchestra . A full-size orchestra -LRB- about 100 players -RRB- may sometimes be called a `` symphony orchestra '' or `` symphony orchestra '' ; these changer do not necessarily indicate any strict difference in either the instrumental constitution or role of the orchestra , but can be useful to name different ensemble based in the same city -LRB- for instance , the London Symphony Orchestra and the London symphony Orchestra -RRB- .
The Great Seal of the State of Vermont is the official seal of the U.S. state of Vermont , used to boss and authenticate official documents .
Tropical Storm Delta was a late-forming tropical storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season which struck the sneak Islands as a strong extratropical storm causing significant damage and then crossed over Morocco with little impact there .
By comparison , in the Julian calendar , 300 out of every 400 years were common years .
This `` antisymmetric wavefunction '' behavior mean that fermions are subject to the Pauli exception principle , i.e. no two fermions can take the same quantum state at the same time .
The power of Athens declined following its defeat in the Peloponnesian War against the Spartan .
Since the middle of the 20th century , the term has also been used to describe a kind of popular music that is based on traditional music . Fusion genre include folk rock , electric folk , folk metal , progressive folk , psychedelic folk , freak folk and neofolk .
NTU has multi-national programs and initiatives with institutions worldwide .
This relatively small campaign was of momentous consequences as Granada was the last outpost of Al-Andalus in Spain and its fall brought to an end 780 years of Muslim control in the Iberian peninsula .
Public speaking is the process of speaking to a group of people in a structure , consider manner intended to inform , influence , or hold the listeners .
Therefore groups\/types of guide can be except by adding the commonly used guide to this category .
The WWF faction beat-up their enemy tag partners off the ring apron over and over again making them appear weak and more times than not , the ECW-WCW wrestler gained an advantage only by double-teaming or use sneaky tactics .
It was , however , written in Late Latin , not the early version of the Latin language known as Old Latin .
MacÃ as had also announced himself a god .
As known , Duke Anton Aleksandrovich appeared in the city Rostov on Don .
His goal was to show Darwinian processes at work on the cellular level .
The word is also used to refer to natural latex rubber ; particularly for non-vulcanized rubber . Such is the case in products like latex gloves , latex safe and latex clothing .
The city Daily -LRB- é 1\/2 å æ -- å -RRB- , published by Metro International , is the first free newspaper distributed free in MTR stations during weekday -LRB- except public holidays -RRB- ; and in 2005 , there is another weekend newspaper Express Post -LRB- å `` ç é å -RRB- , distributed every Saturday except public holidays .
It is directed by Seiji Mizushima and written by YÅ suke Kuroda , and features character designs by Yun KÅ ga. .
During the finish of the match James fell from the turnbuckle and landed on her neck , which resulted in a race finish .
He was traded to Green Bay on February 10 , 1992 , for the 19th pick in the 1992 NFL Draft .
From 1890 on , she lived in Paris and moved in an artistic circle with painter of the `` Ile de la Grande Jatte '' in Montmartre .
When only ten players remained , the usual time for a mix , the two tribes moved onto one beach , with a spread look them .
NASA was established by the National Aeronautics and Space Act on July 29 , 1958 , replacing its herald , the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics -LRB- NACA -RRB- .
Grandville is a communicate in the Aube department in north-central France .
The band be lead singer and guitarist Brian Aubert , singer and bassist Nikki Monninger , drummer Christopher Guanlao and keyboardist Joe l .
Some famous bands and individual artists today include Klipwerf Boereorkes , Danie Grey , Nico Carstens , Taffie Kikkilus , Brian Nieuwoudt , Samuel Petzer , Worsie Visser and Die Ghitaar Man .
Cars on Beijing 's roads came to a game .
JosÃ Vicente SÃ nchez Felip -LRB- born 8 October 1956 -RRB- , nickname Tente , is a former Spanish footballer , who played as a midfielder .
Duke Aleksandr was born as an Armenian aristocrat , who belonged to the Russian nobility .
Great Britain excel her Bourbon match in the contest overseas territories , gaining the bulk of New France , Spanish Florida , some Caribbean islands , Senegal and superiority over the French outpost on the Indian subcontinent .
It was used by the Nazi Organisation Todt , a forced labor program , to build trap , gun position , air-raid protection , and concrete fortifications .
The one-volume PropÃ dia is the first of three parts of the 15th edition of EncyclopÃ dia Britannica , the other two being the 12-volume MicropÃ dia and the 17-volume MacropÃ dia .
King in Prussia was a title used by the voter of Brandenburg from 1701 to 1772 . Subsequently they used the title King of Prussia .
The Red Sea is generally salty and more nutrient-poor than the Atlantic , so the Red Sea species have advantages over Atlantic species in the less salty and nutrient-rich Eastern Mediterranean . Accordingly , most invasion are of Red Sea species into the Mediterranean , and only few in the opposite way .
The racial makeup of the city was 94.80 % White , 1.54 % African American , 0.26 % Native American , 1.56 % Asian , 0.05 % Pacific Islander , 0.38 % from other races , and 1.40 % from two or more races .
Nintendo has also since offered a stronger whip and the Wii Remote Jacket to provide extra grip and protection .
Hartennes-et-Taux is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
A fire is contained in a firebox or firepit ; a chimney or other fluke take gas and particulate eat to escape .
In a demonstration , Halley and five company dive to 60 feet in the River Thames , and remained there for over an hour and a half .
The grave is slightly higher than floor level because below there is a crypt .
Returns information about the comma-separated list of nickname mask .
MÄ ceÅ u de Sus is a communicate in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 1,678 people . It is composed of a single village , MÄ ceÅ u de Sus .
Advance Wars 2 : Black Hole Rising , known in Japan as Game Boy Wars Advance 2 is a turn-based tactics video game for the Game Boy Advance . It was developed by Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo in 2003 .
The canon are not intended to be a comprehensive explanation of reform philosophy , but only an exhibition on the five points of philosophy in dispute .
The antipodean top of Greenwich is both 180 Â W and 180 Â E.
During the Song Dynasty , Zhu Xi 's education were considered to be irregular .
The charter trustees -LRB- who lie of the councillor or councillor for the area of the former borough -RRB- maintain traditions such as mayoralty .
It is open weekday morning without charge .
Peace was not achieved until French forces in North America were beat at the Battle of the field of Abraham at Quebec City , and France grant most of her claims outside of the Caribbean .
Houssay is a communicate in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
He run the # 75 Ford Thunderbird sponsored by Factory Stores .
The InterCity 125 was the brand name of British Rail 's High Speed Train -LRB- HST -RRB- fleet .
In 1879 , the Bell company acquired Edison 's patent for the carbon mike from Western Union . This made the telephone practical for long space and it was no longer necessary to shout to be heard at the receiving telephone .
He was knife 23 times .
The ad carried tribute about the nation 's democracy , education system and the power and influence enjoyed by women .
It is located above the town of Melk on a rocky outcrop miss the river Danube in Lower Austria , meet the Wachau valley .
It includes angelica , anise , arracacha , asafoetida , caraway , carrot , celery , centella asiatica , chervil , cicely , coriander\/cilantro , cumin , dill , fennel , hemlock , lovage , Queen Anne 's spike , parsley , parsnip , sea holly , the now out silphium , and other relatives .
LingÃ vres is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
Heist-op-den-Berg is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Those persons who suffer from indigestion , or who become drunk , are utterly ignorant of the true principles of eating and drinking .
Vehicles from Dunearn Road that travel via Scott Road can also turn left into grove Road at the Marriott Hotel join .
FBI Special agent John Jay Doggett is a fictional character in the American Fox television series The X-Files , a science fiction show about a government conspiracy to hide or deny the truth of alien existence .
man-about-town Magazine , in its May 2006 issue , ranked McGill as the tenth best party school in North America . McGill was the only Canadian university in the list .
Wheatcroft is a city in Webster County , Kentucky , United States .
Variations involve replacing the butter with various types of cream .
The Barossa Valley is a major wine-producing region and tourist destination of South Australia , located 60 km northeast of Adelaide .
Montaigu is a communicate in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
It is known for its channel , beach and circus-like Ocean Front Walk , a two-and-a-half mile pedestrian-only mall that features performers , fortune-tellers , artists , and seller .
North Kosovo is by far the largest of the Serb-dominated areas within Kosovo , and unlike the others , directly borders Central Serbia .
The hominin remains are believed to be a human root species and the final missing link between the Australopithecus genus and the human genus , man .
This disbelief can range from disbelief in contemporary philosophical solutions , to skepticism , to decline the reality of the external world .
Standards such as PKCS # 1 have been carefully designed to firmly pad messages prior to RSA encryption .
Because of this , many countries do not consider white chocolate as chocolate at all .
The 1992 subsidiary report was an update , requested in the context of the negotiations on the Framework Convention on Climate Change at the Earth Summit -LRB- United Nations Conference on Environment and Development -RRB- in Rio de Janeiro in 1992 .
According to the discovery team , the pattern of depletion is best explained by assuming the electron are draw by solid material in the form of an equatorial disk , which contains within it several heavy rings or bow , of particles perhaps several dm to approximately a meter in diameter .
Small valley glacier form icefall where they meet the trunk glacier .
value and returns the minimum of a list of numerical values -LRB- with up to 3 parameters -RRB- .
It was written and composed by Claude Joseph Rouget de Lisle in 1792 and adopted in 1795 as the nation 's first anthem .
Hammerbeam roof , in architecture , is the name given to an open timber roof , typical of English medieval architecture , using short air see from the wall .
She hit the Number 1 spot with `` Day & Night '' .
The title of Archduke -LRB- feminine : Archduchess -RRB- -LRB- German : Erzherzog , feminine form : Erzherzogin -RRB- refer a noble rank above Duke and below King , used only by prince of the Houses of Habsburg and Habsburg-Lorraine .
Geoffrey Ian extend , AC -LRB- born 27 September 1951 -RRB- is an Australian academic and former politician . He was the Premier of Western Australia from 2001 to 2006 .
The circuit appears in most F1 games that have been published since 1987 .
They are widely used in hard experiments , especially those investigating genetic questions that relate to human physiology .
The following tables lists some properties of the six convex regular polychora .
Sir Anthony Joseph Francis O'Reilly KBE , -LRB- born 7 May 1936 , Dublin , Ireland -RRB- is an Irish businessman and former international rugby union player .
The result was that the experiment of operating as an `` open party '' was first contract in Scotland under the name of Scottish competitive Labor , standing Tommy Sheridan for election from his jail cell .
Patricia Roberts Harris -LRB- May 31 , 1924 -- March 23 , 1985 -RRB- served as United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development , and United States Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare -LRB- which office later became United States Secretary of Health and Human Services -RRB- in the administration of President Jimmy Carter .
Abbot Suger , friend and confidante of the French Kings , Louis VI and Louis 7 , decided in about 1137 , to rebuild the great Church of Saint-Denis , attached to an abbey which was also a royal residence .
therefore , if you need a result in another currency than the one in which the original value is stated , for now you must do the conversion manually , as in the following example which uses the defined conversion rate of â 1 = DM 1.95583 :
The uppermost cape plus overlay crust are relatively set and form the lithosphere , an second layer with a maximum thickness of perhaps 200 km .
Almost 800 specimens were illustrated by the artist Sydney Parkinson and appear in Banks ' garland , finally published in 35 volumes between 1980 and 1990 .
Released as a single in 2002 , the song reached number 4 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 , becoming Jay-Z 's second top ten single and BeyoncÃ 's first top ten single as a solo artist .
Khalid was received by his elder brother Walid bin Walid and was first among the three men to enter Islam .
Ricardo Higa -LRB- born 4 May 1973 -RRB- is a former Brazilian-Japanese footballer .
The tour was also accompanied by a re-issue of Silent Alarm , which included `` Two More Years '' and former single `` Little Thoughts '' as bonus tracks .
The Society had no observatory , but nevertheless had an astronomer , Gottfried Kirch , who observed from a private observatory in Berlin .
The major categories of hunting dogs include dog , terrier , mutt type dogs , and gun dogs .
It originally ran from 1983 to 1986 and remained in syndication into the late 1990s .
The first recorded use in English dates from 1555 .
In the extreme case that the spiral becomes a circle of r . Conversely , in the limit that approaches infinity -LRB- Ï â ' 0 -RRB- the spiral tends toward a straight half-line .
Bourne End is a village predominantly in the parish of Wooburn and Bourne End , but also in the parish of Little Marlow , in Buckinghamshire , England .
The 12 '' single included the 1985 live version that would later appear on the 1988 album Tina Live in Europe .
Some of the word are themselves version of Greek word , as Greek rhetoric and literature reached its peak centuries before that of ancient Rome .
The law also changed the name of the library and its buildings in Leipzig , Frankfurt am Main and Berlin into `` Deutsche Nationalbibliothek '' .
The Sacramento Kings are a professional basketball team based in Sacramento , California , United States .
This callsign should not be confused with the tail number of the aircraft , although both can be used as a call-sign as used in general aviation .
Alcmene asks Hercules if there is a woman out there who will make him happy like Ania did for Iolaus , Hercules answer that he is sure there is .
Jeunet also directed numerous ad and music videos , such as Jean Michel Jarre 's Zoolook -LRB- together with Caro -RRB- .
The gluttonous King Dedede has stolen all of the food from the inhabitants of Dream Land for a midnight spread , so Kirby , a resident of Dream Land , goes to think the food and stop Dedede .
The station , and all trains serving it , are operated by National Express East Anglia .
It has the same orbital period as Neptune and area at the Lagrangian point about 60 degrees ahead of Neptune .
Out of these 800 , 48 of them were selected as semi-finalists and they invited to Los Angeles in September 2005 .
He find the ability to talk after six weeks and several OR .
In 2002 , Hwang and colleagues use the work of Norell et al . , including new characters and better fossil evidence , to determine that birds -LRB- avialans -RRB- were better thought of as cousin to the dromaeosaurids and troodontids .
As of January 2011 , RottenTomatoes.com lists no professional reviews of 2081 and a 65 % user rating .
Letterman later performed guest song on `` Hit Somebody !
Seligenstadtâ s Stadtteile are Seligenstadt , Klein-Welzheim and Froschhausen .
This field is for professional relationships with other musicians or bands that are significant and notable to this artist 's career .
Many privateer starter compete for the use of the sport , and are not paid to be racing drivers .
Unfortunately , looking at the Sun during an dominate is just as dangerous as looking at it outside an dominate , except during the brief period of total , when the Sun 's disk is completely covered -LRB- total occurs only during a total dominate and only very briefly ; it does not occur during a partial or ring-shaped dominate -RRB- .
An image = Should be an image with usual wiki note .
Eight matches took place .
He is best known for his ongoing A Song of Ice and Fire series of epic fantasy novels .
chance symbols are recognizable symbols designed to warn about wild materials or locations . The use of chance symbols is often order by law and directed by standards organizations .
The Invasion of Kuwait , also known as the Iraq-Kuwait War , was a major conflict between the Republic of Iraq and the State of Kuwait , which resulted in the seven-month long Iraqi occupation of Kuwait , which subsequently led to direct military intervention by United States-led forces in the Gulf War .
Shaw then sent out letters to the car industry to try to find a buyer . All the responses indicated that the Speedway would be turned into a private facility for the buyer .
Karts are take by sessions -LRB- 10 to 15 minutes usually -RRB- , they use tough form completed with dedicated bodywork providing driver safety .
Though Diana , Princess of Wales was commonly called Princess Diana after her marriage to Charles , Prince of Wales , it was officially wrong , as Diana herself pointed out , because she was not a princess in her own right .
The energy levels increase with , meaning that high energy levels are separated from each other by a greater amount than low energy levels are .
Dorus Rijkers had become a national hero and was by far the most popular Dutchman of those years -LRB- according to a poll that follow many people in the Netherlands during the 1920s -RRB- .
Three women appear and tell Hercules that the torch is of no use , because Here has stolen the Eternal Torch and plans to kill world once and for all .
It lies just south of 8,126 meter Nanga Parbat and is popular for trek to the mountain 's Rupal Face , one of highest mountain faces in the world .
The team played its way to the German championship final in six consecutive seasons from 1926 to 1931 , but were only able to come away with the title in 1930 and 1931 with BSC leaving to become an independent club again after the combined side 's first championship . Even so , Hertha emerged as the Germany 's second most successful team during the inter-war years .
Ce is a chemical element with the symbol Ce and nuclear number 58 .
Valparaiso is a city in Okaloosa County , Florida , in the United States , and it is named after the Chilean city of Valparaiso .
After the Mutiny , recruitment switched to what the British called the `` martial races , '' particularly Rajput , Sikh , Gurkhas , Pashtun , Garhwalis , Mohyals , Dogras , Jat and Baluchi .
The area is rich in archaeological remains , particularly rock drawings which show men hunting , farming , and cattle-rearing ; the frame of Asselar man was also found in the area by ThÃ odore Monod .
The term thesis is also used to refer to the central claim of an essay or similar work .
Hamilton is a city in Marion County , Alabama , United States .
It is the residence of the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland , and the official residence in Northern Ireland of HM Queen Elizabeth II and other members of the British Royal Family when they visit the region , as well as a guest house for prominent international visitors .
Each one arrived , as learn by the producers , dressed in street clothes typical of one 's career â '' apparently for publicity photos â '' but this was the only clothing for all of the game .
It was a failure , and Louis spent much of the cause living at the court of the crusader kingdom in Acre .
This is a very popular version of the rice and many other chicken rice stand have slowly followed it by adding in bean stock along with the chicken . The chicken rice dish can also be further accompanied with a simple pork meatball soup .
It had a cranial capacity of 340 cc and lived mainly in a savannah habitat .
When Galba heard about the coup d' Ã tat he went to the streets in an attempt to temper the situation .
The AppleScript project was an process of the -LRB- now stop -RRB- HyperCard project . HyperCard contained an English language-based script language called HyperTalk , which could be used to program a HyperCard stack .
Lucas Edward Neill -LRB- born 9 March 1978 -RRB- is an Australian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player who currently plays for Galatasaray .
The Augsburg Confession was written in both German and Latin , and was presented by a number of German rule and free-cities at the Diet of Augsburg on June 25 , 1530 .
Middle Chinese , also called Ancient Chinese by the linguist Bernhard Karlgren , refers to the Chinese language spoken during Southern and Northern dynasty and the Sui , flavor , and Song dynasty .
Then , at the count of three , the children pull their strings all at the same time .
Both stations broadcast on an Internet audio stream -LRB- no broadcast signals are available in Columbus -RRB- .
Angus cattle -LRB- Aberdeen Angus -RRB- are a breed of cattle much used in beef production .
Benjamin Jeremy `` Ben '' Stein -LRB- born November 25 , 1944 -RRB- is an American actor , writer , lawyer , and observer on political and economic issues .
Madden take the player on advice and other things to help raise his or her Madden IQ .
Kyneton has a horse racing club , the Kyneton District Racing Club , which schedule around 16 race meetings a year including the Kyneton Cup meeting in November -LRB- always the day after the Melbourne Cup -RRB- . In 2009 the Kyneton District Racing Club partner with the Northern Melbourne Institute of TAFE to use the facilities of the track and its extensive grounds as an educational training facility .
Further examination reveals that the inner lip of the hole has toothmarks which are at an angle to the hole for the dormouse .
Arsinoitherium is an out genus of paenungulate mammal related to elephant , sirenians , das and the out desmostylians , as well as to other out embrithopods . These species were rhinoceros-like herbivores that lived during the late Eocene and the early Oligocene of northern Africa from 36 to 30 million years ago , in areas of tropical rainforest and at the margin of mangrove flood ; a newly discovered species , Arsinoitherium giganteum , lived in Ethiopia ~ 27 million years ago .
It is shared between the City of Westminster and the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea .
Making a new link that begins with a \/ -LRB- cut -RRB- is the common way to start a subpage .
The convection small as it moved through increasingly cold waters , and shortly after 1200 UTC on July 21 Beryl became an extratropical cyclone a short distance east of Cape ride .
Boissey is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
It initially featured one or two PowerPC G4 processor , but was later switched over to the then new PowerPC G5 , and subsequently switched again to two quad-core Intel Nehalem microprocessor .
The nervous system of cephalopods is the most complex of the invertebrates , and their brain-to-body-mass ratio falls between that of warm - and cold-blooded vertebrate .
It is one of three public higher education systems in the state , the other two being the University of California system and the California Community College system .
Due to contract issues with Geffen Records , Willard was not permitted to do recording on the album and later decided to leave the band and continue his duties in Angels & air full time while former Face to Face drummer Pete Parada joined the band just in time for the tour .
Drek aims to use it to remove Veldin , Ratchet 's home planet , from the desired orbit of his newly constructed planet ; and this enrage Ratchet . On Veldin , Ratchet and crash face Drek , who is about to kill the planet .
`` On the seventh day the king came to mourn for Daniel .
Pierre Auguste crib -LRB- 17 February 1837 â `` 2 August 1883 -RRB- was a French painter of the Academic Classicism school .
He flew from Westfield , New Jersey on August 14 , 1930 to Los Angeles , California in 4 days with a combined flying time of 29 hours and 55 minutes .
A little over two years later the family moved to another farm in the Hodgenville area .
Coblentz is a small lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon , to the south of the much larger crater Bolyai .
It give on fruits and small insects and they prominently light on trees and their calls are a loud three or four note call .
One is called the `` weak '' law and the other the `` strong '' law .
Ä zmir is a large city in western Anatolia and the capital of the Ä zmir Province in Turkey .
The person who call receiving messages first creates both a public key and an associated private key , and issue the public key .
A graphic novel that features variations of existing mobile suits , Mobile Suit Gundam 00V , which was serialized in by-line Japan , is told in the format of a mobile suit development history book published 20 years after the anime series , featuring photo take of custom-make models .
The ibis -LRB- collective plural ibis ; classical plural ibides and ibes -RRB- are a group of long-legged pack birds in the family Threskiornithidae .
Although it bring its name to many entity in the region , Raith is not itself a settlement . A Raith rover victory in the 1960s led to a famous BBC observer 's sin that the fans would be `` dancing in the streets of Raith tonight '' .
Cesarini sent the Prince of Wales several gem from Henry 's private collection .
Disney 's Nine Old Men were the core animator -LRB- some of whom later became directors -RRB- at Walt Disney production who created some of Disney 's most famous works , from Snow White and the Seven shadow forward to The savior .
A peroxide is a compound containing an oxygen-oxygen single bond or the peroxide anion -LRB- -LRB- Oâ ' O -RRB- 2 â `` -RRB- .
This strange geography apparently came about because the Niger River is two ancient rivers joined together .
It has an area of 8.05 s. Although it is unincorporated , it has a volunteer fire department and a post office , with the nothing code of 28909 .
This is the only such cemetery in Australia , and also holds some of the dead from the WWII air raid on Darwin .
The station is a short walk from Hackney Central , on the North London Line .
In general , similar-looking characters are commonly exchange for one another : for instance , o , O , and 0 can all be used interchangeably , sometimes for subtly different effect .
O'Connor is currently in pre-production -LRB- 2008 -RRB- on her second ROC Pictures LLC film which she wrote , will produce and direct .
It can be used to perfume wine . ''
Water temperatures remained warm enough for development , while upper level shear was minimal as the depression moved west-northwestward due to a ridge of high pressure to its north .
Nearly all of these minority fled West Punjab for India , to be replaced by large numbers of Muslims leaving in the opposite direction .
FreeDOS -LRB- formerly Free-DOS and PD-DOS -RRB- is an operating system for IBM PC compatible computers . FreeDOS is made up of many different , separate programs that act as `` packages '' to the overall FreeDOS Project .
While conservative newspapers such as the Journal des dÃ cream , Le Moniteur , and Le Constitutionnel had already end publication in compliance with the new law , nearly 50 liberal and radical journalists from a dozen city newspapers met in the offices of the liberal Le National .
Introduced Fish have also been known to reduce , and levels they also experience reduced growth and longer larval periods .
An intensive care unit -LRB- ICU -RRB- , critical care unit -LRB- CCU -RRB- , intensive therapy unit , or intensive treatment unit -LRB- ITU -RRB- is a specialized department in a hospital that provides intensive-care medicine .
Thus SCRIPT had many of the capabilities that computer users generally associate with contemporary word processor .
Dangeul is a communicate in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
Terry won his fourth straight resistance Challenge , and the former Casaya alliance was forced to vote out one of their own .
It is by far the largest single unclaimed territory on Earth , with an area of 1,610,000 kmÂ -LRB- including 8 Coast , immediately east of Marie Byrd Land -RRB- .
As of December 26 , 2007 it is the 30th largest Wikipedia by article count , with over 50,000 articles .
Morse code has been in use for more than 160 years -- longer than any other electrical code system . What is called Morse code today is actually somewhat different from what was originally developed by Vail and Morse .
There being no capital punishment in Italy at the time , he was sentenced in Milan on August 29 , 1900 , to penal servitude for life on Santo Stefano Island near Ventotene , where numerous other anarchist had also been sent over the years .
Stanley Newcomb `` Stan '' Kenton -LRB- December 15 , 1911 â `` August 25 , 1979 -RRB- was a pianist , composer , and adapter who led a highly innovative , influential , and often controversial American jazz orchestra .
Where breaks in the part Range allow the invasion of moist eastern air streams inland , annual median rain of 750 mm or more is experienced further west .
In 1835 , his first play , Danton Tod -LRB- Danton 's Death -RRB- , about the French revolution , was published , followed by Lenz -LRB- first partly published in Karl Gutzkow 's and Wienberg 's Deutsche review , which was quickly banned -RRB- ; Lenz is a novella based on the life of the Sturm und Drang poet Jakob Michael Reinhold Lenz .
For more cant terms for the can , see WikiSaurus : can â '' the WikiSaurus list of synonyms and cant words for can in many languages .
They referred to themselves as Janeites to name themselves from the people who , in their view , did not properly understand Austen .
Rostock is located on the Warnow river ; the quarter of WarnemÃ 1\/4 nde 12 km north of the city center lies directly on the coast of the Baltic Sea .
The Afrikaans Language memorial is located on a hill miss Paarl , Western Cape Province , South Africa .
Following an unsuccessful proposal for the US Air Force 's CX-HLS -LRB- Heavy Logistics System -RRB- in 1965 , Douglas Aircraft began design studies based on its CX-HLS design .
first among these is the ability to assume human form .
Gruver is a city in ant County , Iowa , United States .
A Birdbath can be a garden grace , small reflect pool , outdoor grave , and part of creating a vital wildlife garden .
The tehsil , headquartered at the town of Ghazi , is itself subdivided into 7 Union council .
In 1979 Vacheron Constantin made Kallista , one of the most expensive wristwatch .
The Palos Verdes Blue -LRB- Glaucopsyche lygdamus palosverdesensis -RRB- is a small expose romance native to the Palos Verdes Peninsula in southwest Los Angeles County , California .
The Mikhail Tal Memorial is held in Moscow each year since 2006 to honor his memory .
Black was nominated to the Supreme Court by President Franklin D. Roosevelt and confirmed by the Senate by a vote of 63 to 13 .
Lirey is a communicate in the Aube department in north-central France .
Instead , Thucydides regards history as being caused by the choices and actions of human beings .
In July 1957 , Reuters reported that Fitzgerald had secretly married Thor Einar Larsen , a young Norwegian , in Oslo .
Cooper is heavily involved in the sport of range by issue tires to several drifter in both the Need for Speed Formula D range series and Canadian range series .
The first national issue of paper money lie of overprint notes from fifteen private banks and the Queensland government , issued between 1910-1914 in designation of 1 , 5 , 10 , 20 , 50 and 100 pounds .
Chad Javon Johnson Ochocinco -LRB- born January 9 , 1978 , in Miami , Florida -RRB- is an American football wide receiver for the Cincinnati Bengal of the National Football League and an cc soccer player currently on the reserve team for Sporting Kansas City .
The production of interferon is an important host defense mechanism .
RoullÃ e is a communicate in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
This looked at policy options for the Assemblyâ s third term , and was the result of work by eight study groups in individual policy areas .
She defeated Victoria and Melina in the qualifying rounds before making it to the finals at Cyber Sunday , where she lost to Lita .
On July 5 , 2001 , Kohl was found dead at age 68 in her Ludwigshafen home .
In Japanese it is called Yamane -LRB- å é 1\/4 -RRB- .
According to Van der Sloot , Holloway fell down as she go the car but refused Van der Sloot 's help .
Located in the city of Mecca , it wall the Kaaba , the place which Muslims worldwide turn towards while offering daily prayers and is Islam 's holy place .
The story was slightly revised when republished in the August 23 , 1845 , edition of the Broadway Journal .
Hiroshima Prefecture is a prefecture of Japan located in the ChÅ `` goku region on HonshÅ `` island .
Enrique Lucio Eugenio Caspar y Rimbau -LRB- Madrid , 2 March 1842 â `` Oloron , 7 September 1902 -RRB- was a Spanish diplomat and writer , who wrote plays , zarzuelas -LRB- light opera -RRB- , and novels .
; The Free Software Directory : This is a listing of software packages which have been control as free software .
Florence and The Machine supported obscure for their 26 June comeback performance at the MEN Arena in Manchester .
The species is found throughout Australia , where it is the most widespread native mammal , and in coastal and highland regions of southwest New Guinea , where it is known as the Mungwe in the Daribi and Chimbu languages .
The Chinese Taco Bell restaurants were not fast-food restaurants like other Taco Bell .
Monroe 's performance was come by critics , especially in Europe , where she won the David di Donatello , the Italian equivalent of the Academy Awards , as well as the French Crystal Star Award .
The treaty was sign by Spain -LRB- at the time , the top of Castile and Aragon -RRB- , and by Portugal , . The other side of the world would be divided a few decades later by the Treaty of Zaragoza or Zaragoza , signed on , which specified the antimeridian to the line of line specified in the Treaty of Tordesillas .
True annual will only live longer than a year if they are prevented from setting seed .
However , Major Benjamin Tallmadge , a member of Washington 's secret service , insisted Jameson order the prisoner stop and brought back .
Founded by the Society of Jesus in 1878 , the school is one of 28 member institutions of the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities .
The engine was tested at pike Peak in Colorado at 14000 f to demonstrate that it could eliminate the power losses usually experienced in internal burning engines as a result of reduced air pressure and density at high EL .
As this occurred , Triple H attempted to do the line again on Benoit , but was counter and was locked into the Crippler Crossface Triple H to submit .
Koror won resistance again , and Ulong faced their third serial Tribal Council .
However , in this copy , as in the Nicolay Copy , the words `` under God '' are not present .
Hisashi Kurosaki -LRB- born 8 May 1968 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Emperor Gao -LRB- 256 BC or 247 BC â `` 1 June 195 BC -RRB- , commonly known within China by his temple name Gaozu -LRB- , Wade-Giles : Kao Tsu -RRB- , personal name Liu Bang , was the first emperor of the Han Dynasty , ruling over China from 202 BC to 195 BC .
Newington is a district of London , England , and part of the London Borough of Southwark .
Aeronwy Bryn Thomas-Ellis -LRB- 3 March 1943 -- 27 July 2009 -RRB- translator of Italian poetry , was the second child and only daughter of the Welsh poet Dylan Thomas and his wife , Caitlin Macnamara .
2007 -LRB- MMVII -RRB- was a common year that started on a Monday -LRB- dominical letter G -RRB- in the Gregorian calendar .
This was the first time an asteroidal moon had been discovered by a ground-based scope .
Svoboda wrote scores for almost 90 films and TV series .
and statements -LRB- He found it on the street . -RRB- .
The Reeperbahn is a street in Hamburg 's St. Pauli district , one of the two centres of Hamburg 's nightlife and also the city 's red-light district .
If there are three different types of particle forming the mixture , such as iron , Ni and Cr , then it is called a 3 metal . An metal with four part is a 4 metal , while a five-part metal is term a quinary metal .
In her pre-marital stage , she was thinking that it was boring to live with a man life-long .
The Leeds Studios also known as the Yorkshire Television Studios or YTV Studios is a television production complex on Kirkstall Road in Leeds , West Yorkshire , England .
Augusta was the second state capital of Georgia from 1785 until 1795 -LRB- jump for a period with Savannah , the first -RRB- .
Bernt Kennet Andersson -LRB- born October 6 , 1967 in Eskilstuna -RRB- is a Swedish former football player and a key member of the Swedish national team that finished third in the 1994 World Cup .
The NasÄ `` r al-Mulk Mosque -LRB- - Masjed-e Naseer ol Molk -RRB- is a traditional mosque in Shiraz , Iran , located in Goade-e-Araban place -LRB- near the famous Shah Cheragh mosque -RRB- . The mosque was built during the QÄ jÄ r era , and is still in use under protection by Nasir al Mulk 's gift Foundation .
School Library Journal reader Tim Wadham remember the writing , saying , `` Despite the fact that this is more of a marketing package than anything else , the quality of and interest in the three stories likely free its purchase . ''
For more information about the use of microformats on Wikipedia , please see the microformat project .
MontsÃ '' rs is a communicate in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
They shall guard thy fame and adore thy name ; Thou shalt be their Northern Star !
The onee-san will teach her proper ways of serving tea , playing shamisen , dancing , casual conversation and more .
System R also derived from Codd 's theories , and Ellison wanted to make prophet 's product compatible with System R , but IBM stopped this by keeping the error codes for their DBMS secret .
In the late 1980s and early 90s he stain his left-wing certificate with a plea for pro-business policies and a call for the reduction of the influx of Germans from Eastern Europe and asylum-seekers .
The source supplies water for irrigation in the Lasbella district of Balochistan and drinking water for the city of Karachi .
Much like Strong , Shubin was a man passionately dedicated to his work and the two were often separated due to work commitment , and would ultimately spend relatively little time together before Shubin 's death in 1942 .
Although the henge is not perfectly bill , it has a diameter of about 420 m. The only known comparable sites of similar date are only a quarter of the size of Avebury .
The racial makeup of the community was 98.3 % White , 1.4 % African American , .3 % other , and 3 % from Hispanic or Hispanic of any race .
The climate between nuclear power recommend and environmentalists was confrontational .
Potassiumâ `` Ar dating or Kâ `` Ar dating is a radiometric dating method used in geochronology and archaeology .
Numbers divisible by 2 are called even and numbers not divisible by 2 are called odd .
Typhus should not be confused with typhoid fever , as the diseases are unrelated .
A wrestler who go the ring without going over the top rope is not eliminated from the contest .
This rule lasted until the end of the 15th or beginning of the 16th century , when IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren finally fell into possession Charles ' V. in 1548 by awkward and unlucky tactics used by the counts of Tecklenburg .
All officers and soldiers of the German armed forces had to swear a personal curse of loyalty to the FÃ 1\/4 hrer , as Adolf Hitler now was called .
The President pro tempore -LRB- or ; also referred to as President pro tem -RRB- is the second-highest-ranking official of the United States Senate and the highest-ranking Senator .
After graduate from PJC in spring 1939 , Robinson transferred to UCLA , where he became the school 's first athlete to win varsity letters in four sports : baseball , basketball , football , and track .
It became a strong base for the Indian independence movement during the early 20th century .
Benito Amilcare Andrea Mussolini -LRB- ; 29 July 1883 - 28 April 1945 -RRB- was an Italian politician who led the National Fascist Party and is credit with being one of the key figures in the creation of Fascism .
Life was then send to the cool Earth when crustal material was damn off Mars by star-shaped and comet impacts .
She further detailed on them in her magazines The Objectivist Newsletter , The Objectivist , and The Ayn Rand Letter , and in non-fiction books such as Introduction to Objectivist Epistemology and The merit of Selfishness .
The first subtropical storm of the season formed in the east-central Gulf of Mexico on June 18 , and moved northeast for its entire life cycle .
In 1992 , New York State 's highest court accepted 14th Amendment arguments and struck down the provision in New York 's Exposure of the Person statute that made it illegal for women to bare their chest where men were permitted to do so .
Lee Fogolin started his professional career with the Omaha Knights of the USHL in 1946 .
Mentque-Nortb Ã court is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
During McGraw 's childhood , his family moved so his father could pursue a lifelong dream of becoming a psychologist .
The Red Cross reported that 400 people died , but this was challenge by Mexican officials .
According to Henry Petroski , transcendentalist philosopher Henry David Thoreau discovered how to make a good pencil out of inferior graphite using clay as the binder ; this invention was move by his father 's pencil factory in hold , which employed graphite found in New Hampshire in 1821 by Charles Dunbar .
Popular chicken dishes include guy chicken , fried chicken , chicken soup , Buffalo wings , tandoori chicken , butter chicken , and chicken rice .
The happy Millionaire is a 1967 musical film , based upon the true story of Philadelphia millionaire Anthony J. Drexel Biddle .
On January 28 , when Canadiens visited Toronto , players Alf Skinner and Joe Hall got into a stick-swinging duel .
The earth is currently in an interglacial , and the last frozen period ended about 10,000 years ago .
-LRB- This family is also variously called Myoxidae or Muscardinidae by different taxonomists -RRB- .
hobbit are a fictional tiny race in J. R. R. Tolkien 's legendarium who live the lands of Middle-earth .
The school took the name Ateneo when it began offering secondary education in 1865 , and has since grown into a university engaged in teaching , research , and social outreach .
Clarke County is the smallest of Georgia 's 159 counties .
Berriew is the home of Berriew Football Club .
Thus , construction projects term `` shortage madness '' came to be built .
The upper incisors pointed straight down , while the lower ones project outward .
Some untrained dogs may help their owners , although there are also reports of dogs that have respond sharply or even died as a result of see or call their owner 's capture .
They are generally found in a wide variety of landscape ; sclerophyll forest , -LRB- occasionally -RRB- rainforest , shrubland , and some more arid landscape , though not in Australia 's desert .
Clarion is a city in and the county seat of Wright County , Iowa , United States .
It does not include the votes received during the final Tribal Council .
Some farmers even called their fields after Frey , in the hope that this would ensure a good harvest .
Cannibalism -LRB- from CanÃ Bale , the Spanish name for the Carib people , a West indie tribe formerly well known for their practice of cannibalism -RRB- , is the act or practice of humans eating the flesh of other human beings .
In 2006 an event calendar and movie guide was added .
On October 8 , 2008 , President Viktor Yushchenko resolve the parliament and called early elections , however these never took place .
The July Budget seemed exceptionally severe for a government dependent on Independent TDs support .
Once Gates leaves , `` I 'm not going to need him for anything .
The average vorticity in a small region of fluid flow is equal to the circulation around the boundary of the small region , divided by the area A of the small region .
However , the creation of the SuwaÅ ch'i Special Economic Zone and the proximity of the Russian and Lithuanian borders opened new possibilities for the local trade and commerce .
Gilbertâ s potoroo was first discovered 1840 and named in 1841 after the English naturalist and explorer John Gb .
There are hundreds of different types and variations of fibula .
The series achieved even greater success with Super Smash Bros. .
The 1984 Winter Olympics , officially known as the 14 Olympic Winter Games , was a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated from February 8-19 , 1984 in Sarajevo in Bosnia and Herzegovina , which at the time was part of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
Weismann was one of the first biologist to deny soft heritage entirely .
The coach shed built into the cutting beyond the station is a temporary structure raise in 2003 .
Faulkner won two Pulitzer Prizes for what are considered as his `` minor '' novels : his 1954 novel A fiction , which took the Pulitzer in 1955 , and the 1962 novel , The Reivers , which was posthumously awarded the Pulitzer in 1963 .
Ralph Baines , the Bishop of Coventry and Lichfield was strip of his diocese -LRB- 21 June , 1559 -RRB- on the access of Elizabeth I of England and committed to the imprisonment of Edmund Grindal , the Protestant Bishop of London .
A good example is found here at : guide : septum color :
Thymelaeaceae is a general family of flower plants composed of 50 genus -LRB- listed below -RRB- and 898 species .
While some child-focused online communities will remove members who are found\/suspected of being dangerous towards children in the `` real\/offline '' world , Wikipedia does not , as a rule , require users to break their identity , and hence can not remove them according to anything that touch to identity , including criminal or sex-offender records .
The Northern Ireland Ambulance Service -LRB- NIAS -RRB- is the ambulance service that serves the whole of Northern Ireland , and was established in 1995 by parliamentary order .
Martainville is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
Le Mazeau is a communicate in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
The direction of the angular speed vector is vertical to the plane of rotation , in a direction which is usually specified by the right-hand rule .
It is 6 t long with a tail of 5.7 t. It matter 17 t , although this increases to 30 t just before hibernation .
Similar finds in the related Stenopterygius also show this .
Crono stands up to Lavos but is fly by a powerful blast , after which Lavos destroy readiness .
His program was called Piper 's Tune .
Jebel Barkal or Gebel Barkal is a very small mountain located some 400 km north of Khartoum , in Karima town in Northern State in Sudan , on a large bend of the Nile River , in the region called Nubia .
In the early days of the recording industry , record labels were absolutely necessary for the success of any artist .
A DNA polymerase is an enzyme that catalyze the polymerization of deoxyribonucleotides into a DNA ground .
Baby blue -LRB- displayed at right -RRB- is a shade of blue , one of the pastel colors .
Charles V was the last Holy Roman Emperor to be top by the Pope .
The harder forms , such as anthracite coal , can be regarded as metamorphic rock because of later exposure to elevated temperature and pressure .
\* # Kannada + anything else -LRB- ? !
In 1986 Ford came out with a profitable line of cars , the Taurus-Sable line .
In the last two decades , an increasing amount of Mandarin words have found their way into Singlish because Mandarin Chinese is taught to most Singaporean Chinese students in school .
It adopted their racial and political philosophy .
While most of its 19 museum , its zoo , and its nine research centers facilities are located in Washington , D.C. , sites are also located in New York City , Virginia , Panama , and elsewhere -LRB- see below -RRB- .
Johann Andreas Wagner -LRB- 1797 -- 1861 -RRB- was a German paleontologist , zoologist and archaeologist .
Gambon is a qualified private pilot and his love of cars led to his appearance on the BBC 's Top Gear program .
Kelly Brianne Clarkson -LRB- born April 24 , 1982 -RRB- is an American pop rock singer-songwriter and actress .
Neurologist Oliver can state that human affinity for rhythm is fundamental , so much that a person 's sense of rhythm can not be lost in the way that music and language can -LRB- e.g. by stroke -RRB- .
We 're Not Married ! featured Monroe as a beauty pageant contestant .
Though still entirely mutually understandable with standard Spanish , Chilean Spanish has distinctive pronunciation , grammar , vocabulary , and cant usage .
According to its area , Schwelm is the smallest town in North Rhine-Westphalia .
Unforgiven -LRB- 2008 -RRB- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , which took place on September 7 , 2008 at the speed Loans Arena in Cleveland , Ohio .
He worked on road construction and levee-building crowd in his native Mississippi in the early 1920s , and wrote what is perhaps his earliest song , `` Illinois Blues '' , about his experiences as a jack .
This may present a case of excessive weight , for example , when 90 % of an article about a particular company discuss a lawsuit one client once brought against it .
As of the end of 2007 , the Sun had a Monday through Saturday circulation of approximately 180,000 papers and Sunday circulation of 310,000 .
solid ball together to form the plug or bolus .
Osmar Aparecido de Azevedo or simply Osmar -LRB- born July 23 , 1980 in MarÃ lia -RRB- , is a Brazilian striker .
Gambon is almost the only leading actor not to grace Yasmina Reza 's ART at Wyndham 's .
Edward was top at the cathedral of Winchester , the royal seat of the West Saxon , on 3 April 1043 .
The members drink to get the maximum number of school children hand-wash with soap in more than 70 countries .
In the last quarter century , 32 Ohio State faculty members have been awarded the honored Guggenheim family , which is more than all other public and private Ohio universities combined .
In March 2010 , Kim compete at the 2010 World Figure Skating Championships in Turin , Italy .
He further accused Hayley Williams of being control by her management , treating the rest of the group as her solo project , and claimed she was the only member of the band who was signed to Atlantic Records , while her bandmates were simply `` riding on the coattails of her dream '' .
Worcester Cathedral was undoubtedly save destruction by Henry 8 during the English Reformation because of his brother 's chantry in the cathedral .
In the late 1990s Hooper set up the Meanwhile form , which is a subsidiary of Virgin Records .
Elizabeth Kocanski Carolan -LRB- born November 24 , 1980 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler , better known by her ring name Beth Phoenix .
Other animals , such as cop and elephant , bath in mud in order to cool off and protect themselves from the sun .
Naas is a major commuter suburb , with many people rest there and working in Dublin .
In August 1987 , at the annual B.C. Classic hosted at a Holiday Inn in Binghamton , New York , Balukas was slate for competition in both divisions .
Bommes is a communicate in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
A life-size full statue of Caesar was later raise in the forum display the 23 shot wounds .
The Caryophyllaceae , commonly called the pink family or carnation family , is a family of flower plants .
The Great Glen follows a large geological fault known as the Great Glen Fault .
Written by Buffy creator Joss Whedon , the series follows a killer named Melaka scratch , a chosen one in a time where vampire -LRB- called `` lounge '' -RRB- are returning to the slum of New York City , and the rich-poor divide is even greater .
He and his contemporary , Lev Kuleshov , two of the earliest film theorists , argued that collage was the essence of the cinema .
Spokane is a city located in the northwest United States in the state of Washington .
The Belcea 4 is a string 4 , formed in 1994 , under the leadership of violinist Corina Belcea .
Victot-Pontfol is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
The university saw a record high registration of 23,588 students for the Fall 2010 semester .
The do to all stations in a `` zone '' is the same and increases with distance , especially if the journey involves a harbor crossing .
Gary shine -LRB- born Paul Francis Gadd ; 8 May 1944 -RRB- is an English former glam rock singer-songwriter and musician .
It was founded in 1996 by former Microsoft employees Gabe Newell and Mike Harrington , and made famous by its first product , Half-Life , released in November 1998 .
These benefits are in some ways similar to those realized by owners of infrastructural capital which take more goods , e.g. a factory which produces car just as an apple tree produces apple .
It works similarly to the html markup sequence '' '' .
P \* p -LRB- ^ \/ -RRB- \* -LRB- ^ p P -RRB- .
He became famous in 1985 after being cast as Mike Seaver in the ABC television sitcom Growing pain .
Louise Marie ThÃ rÃ se Bathilde d'Orl Ã AN , Princess of CondÃ -LRB- 9 July 1750 -- 10 January 1822 -RRB- , was a French princess .
She currently stars as crack Fieldâ s characterâ s daughter , pool Walker McCallister , on the ABC drama , Brothers & Sisters .
Returns statistics about the size of the network .
Columbia Records released the song as the fourth single of the album , to mainstream radio in the United States on January 20 , 2009 .
He has been an editor for The Journal of Medieval History and written many articles on the Templar , the Cathars , various elements of the cause , and the reign of Philip IV of France .
Within four hours of landing in Aruba , the Twittys presented the Aruban police with the name and address of Van der Sloot as the person with whom Holloway left the club .
The actual site of Ninken 's grave is not known . This emperor is traditionally fear at a memorial Shinto shrine -LRB- misasagi -RRB- at Osaka .
The duke of ZÃ hringen and the counts of Kyburg took over much of the land .
The Roman Catholic Church is the largest designation with over 1.1 billion members , be over half of all Christians worldwide making it the largest designation for any religion worldwide -LRB- although the Church itself does not view itself as a designation , but as pre-denominational -RRB- . Protestant designation be roughly 38-39 % of Christians worldwide , and together the Catholic , Protestant , Anglican , and other closely related designation be Western Christianity .
Damme is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders , six km northeast of Brugge -LRB- Bruges -RRB- .
Aphaenogaster is a genus of myrmicine ant .
Dan Ackerman of CNET commented on the original models , `` the design and engineering that went into MacBook Air is extraordinary , but it 's certainly a much more specialized product than the standard 13-inch MacBook . ''
Giorgio Chiellini -LRB- born 14 August 1984 in Pisa -RRB- is an Italian footballer who currently plays for Serie A club Juventus .
A consultant -LRB- from `` to discuss '' -RRB- is a professional who provides professional or expert advice in a particular area such as management , accounting , the environment , entertainment , technology , law -LRB- tax law , in particular -RRB- , human resources , marketing , emergency management , food production , medicine , finance , life management , economics , public affairs , communication , engineering , sound system design , graphic design , or waste management .
Chromalveolata was proposed to represent the result of a single secondary endosymbiosis between a line come from a bikont and a red algae that became the progenitor of chlorophyll c containing plastid .
The Brabham team was founded by Jack Brabham and Ron Tauranac , who met in 1951 while both were successfully building and racing cars in their native Australia .
Emperor Godaigo later gets away from Oki and begins ride against the dictatorship , which later win .
He was the 2009 World Drivers ' Champion .
It takes place on October 15 of each year .
While the Doctor 's other old enemies , the Daleks , were on the whole unchanged during the original series ' twenty-six season run , the Cybermen were seen to change with almost every encounter .
They are commonly found on food labels throughout the European Union .
Protactinium-231 grow from the decline of uranium-235 formed in nuclear reactor , and by the reaction 232Th + n â ' 231Th + 2n and subsequent beta decline . It may support a nuclear chain reaction , which could in principle be used to build nuclear weapons .
He is currently the Head of the Open Left project at the left run think tank show .
Elizabeth Ann foul-up Warren Ford -LRB- born April 8 , 1918 -RRB- , better known as Betty Ford is the widow of former United States President Gerald R. Ford and served as the First Lady of the United States from 1974 to 1977 .
Ernst Friedrich Christoph `` Fritz '' Sauckel -LRB- 27 October 1894 â `` 16 October 1946 -RRB- was a Nazi war criminal , who organized the systematic captivity of millions from lands occupied by Nazi Germany .
The show 's sponsor and executive producer , Yvette field said in an interview that she believes it was a fake possession .
Valentina Vladimirovna Tereshkova -LRB- born March 6 , 1937 -RRB- was the first woman in space , now a retired Soviet astronaut . Out of more than four hundred applicants and then out of five finalists , she was selected to pilot Vostok 6 on the 16th of June 1963 and became the first woman to fly in space .
The flood killed over 2,200 people and caused US$ 17 million of damage .
In Hawaiian , Mauna Kea means `` white mountain '' , a reference to its summit , which is usually snow-capped in winter .
Te dioxide is formed by heating Te in air , causing it to burn with a blue flame .
as part of the local government reforms of 2000 Pattan Khurd Union Council was mix into Kukmang .
The trophy for the winning team in the Women 's cheat Olympics is known as the Vera Menchik Cup .
In 1945 , Arturo Toscanini invited Sargent to conduct the NBC Symphony Orchestra .
At the far end of Hollywood avenue stands the wizard 's Hat , the icon of Disney 's Hollywood Studios .
MikaÃ `` l Samy Silvestre -LRB- born 9 August 1977 -RRB- is a French football defender who currently plays for Werder Bremen of the Bundesliga .
Some new features were announced at the `` Back to the Mac '' keynote in October 2010 , and the Apple website was updated in February 2011 with more details . More features are expected to be revealed as the release date near .
The documentary is currently traveling the festival circuit , and has test at , or is scheduled to screen at such venue as the San Francisco Documentary Film Festival , BendFilm Festival , the lagoon Beach Film Society\/Museum of Art , and the Oklahoma City Museum of Art .
Moacir Rodrigues Santos -LRB- born 21 March 1970 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Karl Johan Schuster -LRB- born February 1 , 1985 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Shellback , is a songwriter , record producer and musician from Karlshamn , Sweden .
Four primary types of figure exist for tropical cyclone : track , intensity , storm rush , and rain .
You can help Wikipedia by -LRB- expanding it -RRB- .
In the muon-catalyzed fusion of most interest , a positively charged deuteron -LRB- d -RRB- , a positively charged newt -LRB- t -RRB- , and a muon essentially form a positively charged muonic molecular heavy H ion -LRB- d - Î 1\/4 - t -RRB- + .
He left the band in August 1969 and was replaced by John Mayhew .
Richfield is a city in Lincoln County , ID , in the United States .
In mathematical logic , proclaim logic is the generic term for symbolic formal systems like first-order logic , second-order logic , many-sorted logic or infinitary logic .
The parodoi -LRB- plural of parodos -RRB- were tall arc that opened onto the orchestra , through which the performers entered .
The body consists of an outer layer of simple epithelium introduce a loose sheet of radial cells resemble the mesenchyme of some more advanced animals .
The most widely known approach was published by Charles Van good in 1973 and is also known as block change therapy .
This was built in 1937 , but destroy in 1992 , when a new two-tier structure , model on the River End -LRB- now the Norwich & Peterborough Stand -RRB- was built at a cost of Â # 2.8 m -LRB- first by a Â # 2m grant from the Football Trust -RRB- .
Aurelius was adopted by Adrian on the condition that Verus and Hadrianâ s great-nephew Marcus Aurelius was to be adopted by Aurelius as his sons and successor .
Nora drop over land , and the low-level center moved towards the north-northeast .
In 1972 the OpÃ ra-Comique company was closed -LRB- although the theater itself received visiting production -RRB- and its government grant added to that of the OpÃ Re .
While the British made their retreat to Berbera , the Royal Navy had constructed an all-tide mole and had get empty civilian and administrative officials .
Momas is a communicate in the PyrÃ nÃ es-Atlantiques department in south-western France .
rainforest exist just miles away from the snow covered peak Cotopaxi .
In addition , 2,400 Auburnites are employed by the federal and state government in positions which are generally connected with the university .
It was in Saint-Brieuc that he met Helen Sherburn , whom he married on 3 January 1960 .
During the cathedralâ s history people have often made up stories about who he was .
Jewish protest to Messianic Judaism are numerous , and often begin with protest to the term `` Messianic Judaism '' itself : It is object that Judaism is a messianic religion , but that its christ is not Jesus , thus the term is misleading .
Vali was voted Philip K. Dickâ s best novel at the website philipkdickfans.com .
Oyonnax is a communicate in the own department in the RhÃ ne-Alpes region in eastern France .
As a former President of Ireland he was agree a state funeral .
However , the United States negative a second term for Boutros-Ghali .
Spiekeroog covers an area of 18.25 kmÂ , the little distance to the mainland is 5.7 km .
Seleute is a village and former municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the quarter of Jura in Switzerland .
Davies was made a CBE in 1981 and knight in 1987 .
He currently plays for JÃ bilo Iwata .
Even though most Protestant look at Book alone and no other authority , some theologians say that the Bible itself learn against sola scriptura . They believe that if a person believes in the whole Bible then that person can not not believe in sola scriptura .
thin pockets of open forest and forest have developed in these areas .
This guide must be exchange .
Chacenay is a communicate in the Aube dÃ partement in north-central France .
The operating systems on which the clients can run natively -LRB- without emulation -RRB- .
Hernando County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida .
The five-year-old princess , who later married the Holy Roman Emperor Leopold I , was at this point Philip and Mariana 's only surviving child .
Roberto Landi -LRB- born January 2 , 1956 in ForlÃ -RRB- is an Italian association football manager , who was last in charge of Belgian Third Division side R. Union Saint-Gilloise .
Castillon-en-Auge is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
This guide is used to display a small flag icon next to a wikilinked country name .
Jens Johnnie Pulver -LRB- born December 6 , 1974 -RRB- is an American mixed martial artist -LRB- MMA -RRB- .
These climate represent KÃ ppen climate classification Dfc , Dwc , Dfd , and Dwd .
This practice was soon couple with the name itself into an official number-name appointment , '' â ` # Vesta '' , as the number of minor planets increased .
In this case , one 's quotient is basically one 's score .
The logical classification of network topology generally follows the same classification as those in the physical classification of network topology but describes the path that the data takes between guest being used as opposed to the actual physical connections between guest .
I. Early in the season , a hurricane moved through the Bahamas around June 5 , causing 52 deaths .
The Prince and the Pauper is an English-language novel by American author Mark couple . It was first published in 1881 in Canada before its 1882 publication in the United States .
It is adjacent to Lord Wandsworth College .
Run by Far East Travel
The first two holders of the office now known as `` deputy First Minister '' , namely Seamus Mallon and Mark Durkan , were both referred to during their periods of office as `` Deputy First Minister '' , with a capital D. This version was also adopted in 1999 for the logo of the OFMDFM .
Watzlawick is author of 18 books -LRB- in 85 foreign language version -RRB- and more than 150 articles and book chapters .
The church grounds contain an outdoor crypt and an abbey .
The U core hold between 141 and 146 neutron , establishing six isotope , the most common of which are uranium-238 -LRB- 146 neutron -RRB- and uranium-235 -LRB- 143 neutron -RRB- .
In 1993 , Dr. Deming published his final book , The New Economics for Industry , Government , Education , which included the System of sound Knowledge and the 14 Points for Management .
Chevak is powered by four 30-meter-tall wind turbine . The wind generated in Chevak is classified as `` Class 6 â `` Outstanding '' , and is owned and operated by AVEC -LRB- Alaska Villages Electric co-op -RRB- .
Survivor : The Amazon is the sixth season of the United States reality show Survivor .
An agar plate is a Petri dish that contains a growth medium -LRB- typically agar plus food -RRB- used to culture micro-organism or small plants like the moss Physcomitrella patens .
A concrete bridge , featuring two lane -LRB- one for each direction -RRB- was built in 1958 to accommodate great flow .
The entire circulation may initially have a diameter of less than 160 km -LRB- 100 miles -RRB- .
Although the group 's music has roots from bluegrass , the 3 describe themselves as `` progressive acoustic '' .
Piccinni 's IphigÃ nie followed on January 23 , 1781 .
Thursday noon . '' -RRB-
This guide uses the decimal code for the apostrophe or single-quote character so that it does n't become see with adjacent italics or bold wiki markup .
Honeycrisp -LRB- Malus domestica ` Honeycrisp ' -RRB- is an apple cultivar developed at the Minnesota Agricultural Experiment Station 's Horticultural Research Center at the University of Minnesota , Twin Cities .
In 1982 , they performed the initial culture of H. pylori and developed their guess related to the bacterial cause of peptic ulcer and gastric cancer .
The fossil Po is the region of no longer active channels from the Po to the sea .
The experimental process and the results remain controversial .
The Andromeda Galaxy is approaching the Milky Way at about 100 t , so it is one of the few blue-shifted galaxy .
Mars received a patent for his own process on March 3 , 1941 .
In 1975 , Meir was awarded the Israel Prize for her special contribution to society and the State of Israel .
He abuse her , and then asks her to sing him a song .
Members compete in local and national charity and fun races .
Gettysburg Regional Airport , a small general aviation airport , is located 2 m west of Gettysburg .
As a border village KÃ polnÃ snyÃ k suffered from double tax during the Turkish occupation -LRB- both Hungary and the Turkish Empire collected taxes -RRB- , therefore the population of the village decreased considerably , it even turned uninhabited during the Turkish camping of 1543 .
Rommel wrote that `` my early years passed quite happily . ''
Both of his sons also became infected , the eldest , Louis , Duke of Brittany , the latest in a series of dauphin , yield to it on 8 March .
Other active bushrangers included Dan Morgan , based in the Murray River , and Captain bolt , killed outside Uralla .
The 1934 University of Michigan annual , the Michiganensian , included the following quote from Grantland Rice : `` Wistert was unanimously selected as the best tackle in the Middle-West this year .
Stone tools were made from a variety of stone .
They had hoped that the desert climate would help him recover from TB , but Robertson died in 1914 .
White mustard seeds are hard round seeds , usually around 1 to 1.5 mm in diameter , with a color ranging from beige or yellow to light brown .
The first five seasons air on The weber , and in 2001 , it transferred to the UPN for its final two seasons .
Dartmouth College is a private , Ivy League university in Hanover , New Hampshire , United States .
Instead , it developed the following chart :
Several other conditions are common in children with autism .
Instead it tells the story of persecution of the Jews under Ptolemy IV Philopator -LRB- 222-205 BC -RRB- , some decades before the Maccabee grow .
A lawsuit was filed for breach of contract of using `` Still in Love -LRB- kiss You -RRB- '' , a version of British singer Des ` ree 's original song `` kiss You '' .
printer and publishers have a long history in Nuremberg .
Two other deaths were reported elsewhere in the country , and more than 34,000 people fled their homes due to the storm ; more than 7,500 houses were damaged .
Aside from these , the orchestra consists of pairs of flute , oboe , clarinet , bassoon , trump , trump , a set of two kettle , and strings .
ZoneAlarm was formerly known as Zone lab .
Formaldehyde is an organic compound with the formula CH2O . It is the simple aldehyde , hence its systematic name formaldehyde .
Before arriving at Alabama , Bryant was head football coach at the University of Maryland , the University of Kentucky , and Texas A&M University .
strep are oxidase - and catalase-negative , and many are facultative anaerobes .
This method of show stars first appeared in a preliminary version of John Flamsteed 's Historia Coelestis Britannica which was published by Edmond Halley and Isaac N in 1712 without Flamsteed 's approval .
The Cosby Show is an American television situation comedy starring Bill Cosby , first air on September 20 , 1984 and running for eight seasons on the NBC television network , until April 30 , 1992 .
In 1999 , the moon was noticed by Erich Karkoschka and reported .
A proposal that says : `` The product of the sum and the difference of a and b should give us the difference of the square of a and b '' does express a normative proposal , but this normative statement is based on the theoretical statement '' -LRB- a + b -RRB- -LRB- a-b -RRB- = aÂ - bÂ '' .
Belleview is located at .
muscle GP Formula One Team , the trading name of muscle GP Limited , was a Formula One motor racing team and builder , created by a management buy-out of Honda Racing F1 Team .
`` NASDAQ '' originally stood for `` National Association of Securities Dealers machine-controlled credit '' .
A blood feud is a feud with a cycle of retaliatory violence , with the relatives of someone who has been killed or otherwise wrong or shame seeking vengeance by killing or otherwise physically hard the culprit or their relatives .
Anderson da Silva Nilmar -LRB- born September 19 , 1970 -RRB- , known as lad or Anderson , is a former Brazilian footballer who played as a striker .
Tezcatlipoca was a central god in Aztec religion , one of the four sons of Ometeotl , he is associated with a wide range of concepts including the night sky , the night winds , hurricane , the north , the earth , obsidian , hostility , disagree , rulership , prophecy , temptation , panther , sorcery , beauty , war and discord .
On the afternoon of September 30 , Laura had acquired enough tropical characteristics to be designated a Tropical Storm .
Founded and ruled by a Varangian warrior elite and their descendants , the herald of modern Russia , Kievan Ru ' , grow in the 9th century and adopted Orthodox Christianity from the involved Empire in 988 , beginning the synthesis of involved and Slavic cultures that defined Russian culture for the next millennium .
Oksana Serhiyivna Baiul -LRB- born November 16 , 1977 -RRB- is a Ukrainian professional figure skater .
stealing technology also term LO technology -LRB- low evident technology -RRB- is a sub-discipline of military tactics and passive electronic countermeasures , which cover a range of techniques used with personnel , aircraft , ships , hero , and missile , to make them less visible -LRB- ideally invisible -RRB- to radar , infrared , sonar and other detection methods .
Hiroyuki Dobashi -LRB- born November 27 , 1977 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Coulter is a city in Franklin County , Iowa , United States .
Three of the best known 7 competition are the Hong Kong 7 , Wellington 7 , and the Dubai 7 which now make up part of the IRB 7 World Series .
The lead single `` Wait A Minute '' peak at # 30 on the U.S. Hot 100 chart and # 8 on the Hot R&B \/ Hip-Hop Songs chart .
The replacement to Core is the mobile version of the Intel Core 2 line of processor using heart based upon the Intel Core microarchitecture , released on July 27 , 2006 .
Offenhauser 's turbocharged engines returned to Indianapolis in 1966 , with victory coming in 1968 using a Garrett AiResearch turbocharger .
Adamsville is a village in Muskingum County , Ohio , United States .
Kazuo Saito -LRB- born July 27 , 1951 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Pedro Manuel Torres -LRB- born 18 March 1982 -RRB- , aka Mantorras , is a retired Angolan footballer who played as a striker .
Draycot it is said went home to his meal that day .
Bob Bryan \/ Mike Bryan def .
The symphony was followed by another orchestral work , by far the best known of Dukas 's make-up , his scherzo for orchestra , L'apprenti sorcier -LRB- The wizard 's Apprentice -RRB- -LRB- 1897 -RRB- , a short piece -LRB- lasting for between 10 and 12 minutes in performance -RRB- based on Goethe 's poem `` Der Zauberlehrling '' .
Garwin is a city in Tama County , Iowa , United States .
The next southern man outpost of South America is the beacon of Cape Horn .
To date , Social torture has released seven full-length studio albums , two compilation , one live album and two DVD .
Burrell has written other orchestral works including concerto for viola , flute and clarinet , an opera The Albatross -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , lots of choral works and chamber music .
Following an earthquake , tsunami , and failure of cooling systems at Fukushima I Nuclear Power Plant and issues concerning other nuclear facilities in Japan on March 11 , 2011 , a nuclear emergency was declared .
It is usually performed to music and may be do in a group setting led by an instructor -LRB- fitness professional -RRB- , although it can be done solo and without musical support .
The grave was constructed in Sheffield by Thomas Heatherwick Studio , hawker Lucas , Flint and Neill and Westbury Structures .
Economic nationalism is a term used to describe policies which stress domestic control of the economy , labor and capital formation , even if this requires the imposition of duty and other restrictions on the movement of labor , goods and capital .
For the following 60 years , swine flu try were almost exclusively H1N1 .
The hawthorn is an all-seater football stadium in West Bromwich , Sandwell , England , with a capacity of 26,500 .
The article went on to say , '' ... perhaps that 's where Holy Wood achieved its greatest success .
The group released their third mini-album , 2009 , Year Of Us , on October 19 , 2009 , five months after the release of Romeo .
Tetsuya Okayama -LRB- born 27 August 1973 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The Western split or Papal split was a split within the Catholic Church from 1378 to 1417 .
Followers of this faction , however , claim its true founder was Jabir ibn Zaid al - ` Azdi from Nizwa , Oman .
It was re-released on March 9 , 1999 as part of the Walt Disney Masterpiece Collection video series .
In 1891 , he became a member of the French AcadÃ mie des Beaux-Arts .
Note : All argument names must be in minuscule .
The King predator has a very noticeable yellow heavy caruncle on its bill .
and he has achieved a peak Elo rating of 2755 .
During the Triassic period , dinosaur such as Coelophysis , Chindesaurus , Gojirasaurus , and Tawa lived in North America .
Tales of Symphonia is a video game first released for the Nintendo GameCube and later for the PlayStation 2 in Japan .
Compare the Armenian dram for a currency whose name bears a similar origin .
The storm boil the ocean for several days ; a wave 101 f in height was reported by an offshore buoy .
On September 30 , 2004 , researchers from the National Science Museum of Japan and the Ogasawara giant Watching Association took the first images of a live giant squid in its natural habitat .
However , it was announced that Senna would race after Silverstone , saying that they `` want to confirm that Bruno Senna has all the support of the Spanish team '' and `` that he remains one of the Hispania Racing HRT F1 team 's official drivers and that he will be continuing to drive in the remaining races . ''
A theoretical model is the quantum Turing machine , also known as the universal quantum computer .
It line to data correspondence as another form of correspondence .
Stevenson considered that the concept of rebirth might supplement those of heredity and environment in helping modern medicine to understand aspects of human behavior and development .
Its full name is the Beaufort Wind Force Scale .
It is roughly spring by Allen Street , East Houston Street , Essex Street , Canal Street , Eldridge Street , East Broadway , and Grand Street .
Warlincourt-l Ã s-Pas is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
According to Plutarch the victory came under unusual circumstances .
A flip can be performed either forward , backwards , or sideways and can be executed in the air or on the ground .
DÄ rmÄ neÅ si is a communicate located in Suceava County , Romania .
Duke Nukem 3D features the adventures of the nominal butch Duke Nukem -LRB- sound by Jon St. John -RRB- , who fights back an alien invasion on Earth .
Zanzibar exports spice , seaweed and fine raffia .
However , because normal are not textually based , their existence and practice are open to debate .
At the end of primary education , students are required to take a similar national exam , the Primary School Leaving Examination -LRB- also known as PSLE -RRB- .
The latter shows fake links , as long as no category exists .
This , however , does not mean the shadow may move faster than light , even when see at vast space , such as light years . The loss of light , which projects the shadow , will move towards the surface of project at light speed .
In effect , this principle maintain that the gravitational effects of the various galaxy making up the universe are equivalent to those of a fine dust distributed uniformly throughout the universe with the same average density .
New Zealanders refer to rugby in general as `` footy '' or `` football '' , rugby union simply as either `` rugby '' or `` union '' and to rugby league as `` rugby league '' or `` league '' .
In vain those words from thee or L.E.L.
The play Romeo and Juliet written by William Shakespeare was based in Verona .
Archaeologist , Felix Chami notes the presence of Bantu village range the East African coast as early as the beginning of the 1st millennium .
His root include John Hathorne , a judge during the Salem Witch Trials .
The national anthem and the state emblem were each adopted in 1954 .
There is also an loose Co-operative Party group in the European Parliament .
By 07:30 UTC , all 91 passengers , 9 take and 54 crew , from over 14 countries , were empty and had taken to the Explorer 's life boats . The evacuees range for 5 hours until they were picked up by the Norwegian ship MS Nordnorge which arrived on scene at approximately 10:00 UTC .
Ranford 's post-draft year , 1985 â `` 86 , was an consequential one , as Ranford was named to the WHL Second All-Star Team , and saw his first NHL action after the WHL season ended , winning three of four games for Boston , before going 0 â `` 2 in the playoffs .
To fire students ' interest in Putonghua , the school offers Putonghua Day , Tongue-Twisters , Putonghua Class , Singing Contest , Putonghua Broadcast and Putonghua Corner .
When the show debut , each panelist had 15 seconds of questioning at a time , running through the panel twice , in order .
Joachim Sauer -LRB- born April 19 , 1949 -RRB- is a German quantum chemist , full professor at the Humboldt University of Berlin .
Beyond the meeting of Indus and Panjnad rivers , the Indus river was known as Satnad -LRB- Sat = seven -RRB- carrying the waters of seven rivers including Indus river , which is believed to be in ealrlier times the Saraswati\/Ghaggar\/Hakra river which eventually dried and became a seasonal river due to seismic shifts in the frozen region of Himachal Pradesh where it start and later on Kabul river and the five rivers of Punjab .
Young-adult fiction or young adult literature -LRB- often cut as YA -RRB- is fiction written for , published for , or market to teen and young adults , roughly ages 14 to 21 .
The best tobacco , used for more expensive cigar brands , is grown in the flat lands of San Juan y MartÃ nez .
In 1973 he founded the KÃ 1\/4 chl Quartett which is now known as the dog Musikverein Quartett .
There is a light sensitive pineal eye -LRB- homologous to the pineal gland in mammals -RRB- .
Full code for ship classes .
Koki Habata -LRB- born July 22 , 1983 -RRB- is a retired Japanese footballer .
It is lined by walking paths and shade trees on both sides .
The trophy is awarded annually to the player that leads the National Hockey League in points during the regular season .
Chris Martin and Jonny Buckland first met during their orientation week at University College London -LRB- UCL -RRB- in September 1996 .
Master Sorai 's education is a record of his teaching and change with his students .
In 2004 the American Bad Aibling ECHELON station -LRB- Field Station 81 -RRB- closed after several decades of operation .
In 1951 , he went to Amherst College for his undergraduate education .
By 1870 , The Joseph Dixon Crucible Company was the worldâ s largest dealer and consumer of graphite and later became the contemporary Dixon Ticonderoga pencil and art supplies company .
In contrast , a rock sample is a random total of mineral and\/or mineraloids , and has no specific chemical composition .
Safety concerns were raised among the public after several accidents on the system during the 1980s and 1990s , but most problems have been right .
In other words , we do our Will but with discretion , not making it too obvious , nor to harm or hurt other people .
Lowari Top is a relatively low pass , by far the lowest pass to enter Chitral , the rest all being 12,000 to 15,000 feet .
With around 1,200 employees , including 813 police officers , 85 Special Constable , 48 PCSOs and three police stations -LRB- located in Snow Hill , Wood Street and Bishopsgate -RRB- , the City of London Police is the smallest territorial police force in England and Wales , both in terms of geographic area - the square mile center of London - and the number of police officers .
In 1966 , Colin Chapman -LRB- Lotus Cars founder and principal of Team Lotus -RRB- carry Ford to roll Keith Duckworth 's design for a new lightweight 3000 c Formula One engine .
He earned a Super Bowl ring with the Giants in Super Bowl 42 .
Jamie S. Rich wrote in another review :
During Clinton 's second term , Herman was named Secretary of Labor , the first African American to be nominated for that position and the fifth woman to be appointed .
If the sort matcha is to be served at a Japanese tea ceremony , then it will be placed into a small tea caddy known as a chaki .
Rattle made his conducting debut with the Berlin symphony -LRB- BPO -RRB- in 1987 , in a performance of Gustav Mahler 's Symphony No. 6 .
The earliest date given for a Viking raid is 787 AD when , according to the Anglo-Saxon story , a group of men from Norway sail to the Isle of Portland in Dorset .
The Henry Head Battery is located on the northern side of the entrance to vegetation Bay at Henry Head , La Perouse , New South Wales , Australia .
vaccine do not guarantee complete protection from a disease .
CSIS is responsible to Parliament through the Minister of Public Safety , but is also manage by the Federal Court system , the Inspector General of CSIS , and the Security Intelligence Review Committee .
On October 30 , it was raise to Category 1 hurricane , in what the NHC described as a case of a small hurricane that would not have been observed before micro-cook satellite images . Shary became extratropical later that day , and the NHC issued their final advisory on the system .
Whether the other parameters are required or not depend on the chart being reference .
The two involved outbreak during the 8th and 9th centuries were unusual in that the use of images was the main issue in the dispute , rather than a by-product of wider concerns .
Giacomo Bulgarelli -LRB- 24 October 1940 -- 12 February 2009 -RRB- was an Italian international footballer .
Through have public transport it is possible to reduce the total transport cost for the public .
The history of the Constitution of Australia began with moves towards federation in the 19th century , which climax in the federation of the Australian settlement to form the Commonwealth of Australia in 1901 .
Abraham Lincoln was proud of Robert and thought him bright , but also saw him as something of a competition , and once said , `` he think Bob would not do better than he had . ''
This guide takes genealogical data in the form of an ahnentafel and presents it as a graphic line tree -LRB- realized as an HTML table -RRB- .
The `` capillary bed '' is an weave network of capillary issue an organ .
Each match featured six competitors : the defending champion and five competition .
On this basis , Kant come second expression of the flat imperative from the first .
It has also became a sing-along number at various British clubs , pub and sporting events ; the song is consistently played during home games at English Championship club Watford .
In common language cash refers to money in the physical form of currency , such as bill and coins .
Chester Alan Arthur -LRB- October 5 , 1829 â `` November 18 , 1886 -RRB- served as the 21st President of the United States -LRB- 1881 â `` 1885 -RRB- .
Twitter stated that the move to OAuth will mean `` increased security and a better experience . ''
The Finnish side consists of parts of the regions -LRB- maakunta -RRB- of South Karelia and North Karelia .
The indigenous peoples of Sikkim lie of the Lepcha , Limbu , migrate from Tibet , Bhutias , descendants of Buddhist who arrived from Nepal in 15th century , who migrate from the Kham district of Tibet in the 14th century , and Nepali , descendants of Hindu who arrived from Nepal in the 19th century .
They were signed to red Records .
Reuben Fine , on the other hand , believed he was not quite as strong as Lasker , and was also dominate by JosÃ RaÃ l Capablanca after 1911 .
So far the only close-up images of Titania have been from the Voyager 2 investigation , which shoot the moon during its flyby of Uranus in January 1986 .
The roots of several presentation and meetings were planted in Folkets Hus , and as a result it was strongly linked to the great demonstration against unemployment in 1918 when workers force the Danish Stock Exchange -LRB- BÃ rsen -RRB- .
In 1461 he was made dean of Westminster , and his subsequent promotion was rapid in both church and state .
French crÃ foot , popular in France , Canada , and Brazil -LRB- where they may be called pancakes or crÃ foot -RRB- are made from flour , milk , and eggs .
The stadium is also licensed for marriage ceremony .
The Amazon , which has the largest drain basin in the world , about 7050000 k , accounts for approximately one-fifth of the world 's total river flow .
Claudius ' extant letters , words , and say were incorporated into the text -LRB- mostly in the second book , Claudius the God -RRB- in order to add legitimacy .
It has been proposed that having the United Nations manage a Tobin tax would solve this problem and would give the UN a large source of funding independent from donations by participating states .
Bumper cars were added in the 1960s as they replaced the original pony ride .
Various different forms of race track have been used throughout the history of Formula One ; purpose-built race tracks such as Suzuka , road tracks such as Spa and city street tracks such as Monaco .
The escort answer , `` They 're all dead from vendetta . ''
GrÃ goire de Saint-Vincent and Bonaventura Cavalieri independently introduced the concepts in the mid-seventeenth century .
The Toronto subway and RT is a rapid transit system in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , consisting of both underground and elevated railway lines , operated by the Toronto Transit Commission -LRB- TTC -RRB- .
From Manzanillo to Puerto Maldonado , the tropical storm replaced with a hurricane warning the same day .
Takuya Honda -LRB- æ ç '' æ `` ä Honda Takuya , born 17 April 1985 in Sagamihara , Kanagawa , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player currently playing for J1 team Kashima Antlers .
Sandra Kerr and John Faulkner provided the voices of Madeleine and Gabriel respectively , and put together and performed all the proper songs . All the other voices -LRB- including the narrator and one out-of-tune mouse -RRB- were provided by Oliver Postgate , who also wrote the stories .
`` ill-chosen '' is the second single released by alternative rock band Our Lady Peace from their second album , ill-chosen .
The temperature at which dew forms is , by definition , the dew point .
CupuaÃ u fruits are oblong , brown , and fuzzy , 20 cm -LRB- 8 in -RRB- long , 1 â `` 2 kg -LRB- 2 â `` 4 pound -RRB- in weight , and covered with a thick -LRB- 4 â `` 7 mm -RRB- , hard exocarp .
She was told that they were looking for models with lighter hair , so Norma Jeane colored her brunette hair to a golden blonde .
Proceeds from The PEN\/O .
She turns around only to see Hallie being knife .
Despite their cancer-causing properties , gamma rays are also used to treat some types of cancer , since the rays kill cancer cells also .
The Olympic Games program consists of 26 sports , 30 check and nearly 300 events .
The strongly word statement urged residents to empty , and was highlight by national news media .
Ni silver , also known as German silver , Argentann , paktong , new silver , Ni brass , or alpacca -LRB- or alpaca -RRB- , is a copper metal with Ni and often zinc .
The core of the PropÃ dia is its `` draft of Knowledge '' , which aims to provide a logical framework for all human knowledge .
`` We want no part of it , the past '' , he wrote , `` we the young and strong futurist ! ''
Additionally , modern processor ' execution units are usually pipelined .
John Dalton Fed -LRB- 6 September 1766 -- 27 July 1844 -RRB- was an English chemist , meteorologist and physicist .
However , this finding is legally irrelevant since distribution of cocaine is illegal in any quantity in Taiwan .
fief is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Joaquim do Santos won the `` Best take in an Animated Television Production '' legend in the 2008 Annie Awards for his take in `` Into the hell '' .
For example , in about 5 billion years , when the Sun is a red giant , it will expand out to a maximum r of roughly 1 A , 250 times its present size .
Unlike other Australian capital cities , a large portion of the greater metropolitan area of Brisbane is controlled by a single local government entity , the Brisbane City Council , inside the City of Brisbane LGA . Since the creation of the Brisbane City Council in 1925 the urban areas of Brisbane have expanded considerably past the City Council boundaries .
Chinese is the most common home language amongst Singaporean : half of all Singaporean speak it as their home language .
Master Lu has declared himself to be Living Buddha Lian Sheng -LRB- è `` ç '' æ '' ä 1\/2 , Liansheng HuÃ fÃ -RRB- and is august by his disciples as a Living Buddha .
Strong Bad love prank the other characters of the series , along with his ever-diligent lackey pet named `` The Cheat '' and his older brother Strong Mad .
Pirelli has also been awarded the contract for the control tire supply in the British Superbike Championship from 2008 until at least 2010 .
The album cover was an attempt by Sub Pop to capitalize on Cornell 's image .
Camilla and Rebecca were discovered when they were picked out of the audience by one of the executive producers of The Suite Life of Zack & Cody at a live record of the show .
respond to the experience of World War II , the Fourth Geneva Convention , a new Convention `` relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War , '' was established .
The Office of War Information took over VOA 's operations when it was formed in mid 1942 .
The partridge are a family be 47 species of birds found in Central and South America .
The population of Mayaguana in the 2000 census was 259 , come to an estimate 312 in 2010 .
Second argument is y , d , c , m , depending on what is to be output .
Parramatta is a suburb and major urban center of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia . It is located in Greater Western Sydney 23 k west of the Sydney central business district on the banks of the Parramatta River .
In later years , StarÄ eviÄ marked the `` Slavoserbs '' as a separate ethnic group , or - as he used to say the `` breed '' , which ranked , as humans , lower than the Jews : `` The Jews are less harmful than the Slavoserbs .
Shiira -LRB- ã ã ã , Japanese for the common dolphin-fish -RRB- is an open source web browser for the Mac OS X operating system .
Pandya Cendan extended their rule to the Chera country .
John Marshall -LRB- September 24 , 1755 â `` July 6 , 1835 -RRB- was the Chief Justice of the United States -LRB- 1801-1835 -RRB- whose court opinions helped lay the basis for American constitutional law while promoting nationalism and making the Supreme Court of the United States a center of power with the capability of reverse Congress .
The genus is widely distributed across North America , Central America , and northern and central South America , though most species are hold to particular regions .
Simencourt is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Robert Graeme Pollock , known as Graeme , -LRB- born 27 February 1944 in Durban , Natal Province , Union of South Africa -RRB- is a former cricketer .
Carl Hubbell and Hal Newhouser are the only pitcher to win multiple times , Newhouser winning consecutively in 1944 and 1945 .
There are signs of restoration work on the upper part done in the Seljuk and Ottoman era .
At the front , Senna won from Alesi , Berger , Boutsen , Alex Caffi in the arrow and Ã ric Bernard 's Larrousse .
He studied the violin at the Indiana University Jacob School of Music , while managing to graduate from Bloomington High School North in 1984 , In 1989 , Bell received an Artist Diploma in Violin Performance from Indiana University .
After the American Civil War , only a few of the Sepasco were left ; the last Sepasco died in a hut near welsh 's Cave and Lake Sepasco and was reported in the local newspaper in 1867 .
insertSignature = true ; \/ \/ sign welcome guide , where appropriate FriendlyConfig .
Braille is read by passing the fingers over characters made up of an arrangement of one to six raised points .
Unfavorable wind shear impact the storm for much of its duration , although a temporary decrease in the shear allowed the cyclone to become a tropical storm .
Brunswick became a popular place to settle in upon the completion of the local highway system in the Capital District , especially the upgrade of Route 7 into a four-lane highway in the 1980s .
Vitantonio Liuzzi and Scott Speed were the 2006 race drivers , with Neel Jani filling the test\/third driver role .
Portugal was next and the Ferraris took 1-2 in qualifying with Mansell ahead of Prost , Senna , Berger , Patrese and picket .
In addition to PageRank , Google over the years has added many other secret criteria for see the ranking of pages on result lists , reported to be over 200 different index .
Dan pulled in Ruth-Marie as a fifth person in his alliance , but after losing another resistance Challenge , crack convinced the La Mina men that she was a more valuable player .
Articles 2 and 3 of the Republic 's constitution , Bunreacht na hÃ ireann , which claimed reign over all of Ireland , were paraphrase , and a power-sharing Executive Committee was provided for .
He was one of the Busby baby , the young United team formed under manager Matt Busby in the mid 1950s , and one of eight players who died as a result of the Munich air disaster .
The city of New Meadows hosts the last surviving Pacific and ID Northern -LRB- PIN -RRB- Railroad store . Without the Pacific and ID Northern Railroad , New Meadows would arguably not have existed .
Note : Gardner has a number of books on magic written `` for the trade '' , which are not listed here .
Articles and events specifically relating to the 18th century , which included the years 1701 to 1800 -LRB- not 1700 to 1799 as is often mistakenly claimed -RRB- .
A child , or anyone else , should never assume that if somebody has an account on Wikipedia , then they 're safe to meet in person .
In May 1901 , Fleming protest against unemployment in Melbourne by race onto the Prince 's Bridge to game the Governor-General 's coach .
The key touch with seven flat and seven sharp are rarely used because they have simple enharmonic equivalent . For example , the key of C major -LRB- seven sharp -RRB- is more simply represented as D major -LRB- five flat -RRB- .
In 907 Herisau is mentioned for the first time , the quarter -LRB- Appenzell : abbatis cella -RRB- is named first in 1071 .
From its southern end at Interstate 5 near Wheeler Ridge to its northern end at State Route 36 near Red bold , SR 99 goes through the densely-populated eastern parts of the valley and is a less-direct route than the faster Interstate 5 through the less live western side of the valley . Cities served include Bakersfield , Visalia , Fresno , Madera , Merced , Modesto , Stockton , Sacramento , Yuba City , and Marx .
He is present by Matt Chapman , the principal voice actor and co-founder of the series .
The Berwickshire News is still published weekly , and numerous organizations and groups have retained Berwickshire in their titles -LRB- i.e. : the Berwickshire Housing Association , Berwickshire Sports Council -RRB- . The Berwickshire Civic Society is currently -LRB- 2007 -RRB- run for road signs at the catch to the old county to have find added saying ` You are now entering the ancient county of Berwickshire ' , and they hold an annual Keep Berwickshire healthy Campaign , try each April .
The first European explorer in Connecticut was the Dutch explorer Adriaen Block .
Turner and colleagues see the presence of square on Velociraptor as evidence against the idea that the larger , flightless maniraptorans lost their square secondarily due to larger body size . Furthermore , they noted that shaft boss are almost never found in flightless bird species today , and that their presence in Velociraptor -LRB- assume to have been flightless due to its relatively large size and short forelimbs -RRB- is evidence that the root of dromaeosaurids could fly , making Velociraptor and other large members of this family secondarily flightless , though it is possible the large wing square understand in the root of Velociraptor had a purpose other than flight .
Burgebrach is a market town in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg and the seat of the administrative community -LRB- Verwaltungsgemeinschaft -RRB- of Burgebrach .
Simms has been in commercial for the game Jenga , the repair stomach , Maalox , ibuprofen , Bluefly , Post grain chopped Wheat , and Dairy Queen 's `` Moolatte '' drinks .
Competing in only 10 rounds , he managed two third place last in the final two races of the season , at Spa-Francorchamps and Silverstone , to finish 12th overall .
That version was recorded with drummer Scott Sundquist , but the version on Screaming Life was recorded with Cameron .
Chitral can be access by air via the Chitral Airport which is approximately 3 km from the town .
The first review sum the first 18 episodes while the second sum season two .
He was educated at Eton and at Oriel College , and later joined the Tenth Light railroad .
Fiorello Henry LaGuardia -LRB- fiÉ Ë rÉ loÊ lÉ Ë É wÉ ` rdiÉ ; born Fiorello Enrico La Guardia ; December 11 , 1882 - September 20 , 1947 ; he himself wrote his name as a single word with no space between the first `` a '' and the capitalize `` G '' which follows -RRB- was Mayor of New York for three terms from 1934 to 1945 as a liberal Republican .
There is not much now at Breadalbane aside from a few houses .
Oregano -LRB- Origanum vulgare , sometimes listed with oregano as Origanum majorana -RRB- is also called Wild oregano .
Eventually Monroe refused to speak to Preminger , and Mitchum had to in-between .
The fight results in the destruction of the GN-Flag , while the Exia is heavily damaged .
In 1950 Mumbai Province was regroup into Mumbai State , which included the grand states formerly under the political authority of Mumbai Province ; these grand states were mix into the new state after their rule enter to India .
Other events held at the circuit include a round of the MotoGP world championship , the Australian-based V8 Supercar championship in 2005 , pull push of over 250,000 witness , and also the final round of the A1 Grand Prix in 2006\/2007 .
A polyphyletic group can be `` fixed '' either by except clade or by adding the common root .
The album cover was shoot in black and white because Selena colored her hair jet black the night before and got some on her face .
Early versions of Internet Explorer such as 5 had a compatibility mode to run Internet Explorer 4 , though this feature was dropped -LRB- also , Internet Explorer for Mac users could still use 4.5 after establish i.e. 5 -RRB- .
Any Meta sysop can edit the Wikimedia-wide spam blacklist to add or remove the patterns that are recognized by the filter , with the changes taking effect immediately .
Daniel Louis `` Dan '' Castellaneta -LRB- born October 29 , 1957 -RRB- is an American film , theater and television actor , comic , voice artist , singer and television writer . Noted for his long-running role as Homer Simpson on the animated television series The Simpson , he voices many other characters on The Simpson , including Abraham `` Grampa '' Simpson , Barney Gumble , Krusty the Clown , Groundskeeper Willie , Mayor Quimby and Han Moleman .
Football Club Crotone is a football club based in Crotone , Calabria .
Half of a Yellow Sun is a novel that was written by Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie .
They are sensory organs , although the exact nature of what they sense and how they sense it is not the same in all groups , nor always clear .
The College of Law of the Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila -LRB- PLM -RRB- in Manila , Philippines is one of the two Professional schools of the University .
Songs for Polarbears is the debut album by the indie rock group Snow Patrol , released on 31 August 1998 in the UK and 12 October in the US .
Eisten is a municipality in the district of Visp in the quarter of Valais in Switzerland .
It live a variety of open and semi-open areas , including subtropical forests , shrublands , range , and desert .
Apple Records was founded in 1968 as a sub-division of the Beatles ' Apple Corps project , which was established as a small group of companies -LRB- Apple Retail , Apple Publishing , Apple Films and so on -RRB- .
The paper claims that the probability of shortened differential is 2-57 .3 per block and that it will take roughly 251 chosen plaintexts -LRB- 32 PB worth of data -RRB- to find a good pair of shortened differential .
; Engine : The 4 l Renault V8 engine features internal , cartographic and software rise designed to improve performance and fuel consumption .
EncyclopÃ die , ou dictionnaire raisonnÃ des sciences , des arts et des mÃ level was a general encyclopedia published in France between 1751 and 1772 , with later add-on , revised version , and version .
It was renamed as the Aon Center on December 30 , 1999 , although the Aon Corporation would not become the building 's primary tenant until September 2001 .
Human biology is an interdisciplinary academic field of biology , biological anthropology , nutrition and medicine which focuses on humans ; it is closely related to primate biology , and a number of other fields .
The pattern then double itself .
where an represents the coefficient of the n-th term , c is a constant , and x change around c -LRB- for this reason one sometimes speaks of the series as being center at c -RRB- .
Monteith dropped out of school in the ninth grade .
The albatross are a group of large to very large birds ; they are the largest of the procellariiformes .
The roads were all paved , to permit even heavy freight-wagons to be used in all seasons and weather .
The segment would include Mandel describing some aspect of the story and often relating it back to his personal childhood .
Works believed incomplete or of doubtful legitimacy at the time of catalogue were listed in the BWV Anhang -LRB- BWV appendix -RRB- , and are identified by BWV Anh number .
The vast majority of the rocks of the Earth 's crust lie of crystal -LRB- transparent SiO2 -RRB- , feldspar , mica , chlorite , kaolin , calcite , epidote , olivine , augite , hornblende , magnetite , hematite , limonite and a few other mineral .
jag Hjalmar Agne Carl HammarskjÃ ld -LRB- 29 July 1905 â `` 18 September 1961 -RRB- was a Swedish diplomat , economist and author . He was the second Secretary-General of the United Nations .
The First Great wake was a wave of religious enthusiasm among Protestant in the American settlement c. 1730 â `` 1740 , stress the traditional reform merit of divine advocate , fundamental liturgy , and a deep sense of personal guilt and salvation by Christ Jesus .
It 's only the second song Ringo has ever written , mind you , and it 's lovely . ''
Though he never again served in a government , Sir Austen Chamberlain survived in good health until March 1937 , dying just ten weeks before his half-brother Neville Chamberlain finally became the first -LRB- and only -RRB- member of the distinguished Chamberlain dynasty to become Prime Minister .
Dahlia is a genus of shaggy , tuberous , repeated plants native to Mexico , Central America , and Colombia .
He conducted premier such as the full seven-movement version of Brahms 's German lament -LRB- 1869 -RRB- .
A multiplayer demo was released to the public on March 15 , 2007 .
Vostok 1 was launched by the Soviet space program , and was designed by Soviet engineers guided by Sergey Korolyov under military supervision of Kerim Kerimov and others .
It is a national holiday in Pakistan .
Alabama 's programs of higher education include 14 four-year public universities , two-year community colleges , and 17 private , undergraduate and graduate universities .
The district was established in 1993 by meeting the former districts -LRB- Kreise -RRB- of Finsterwalde , Bad Liebenwerda and Herzberg .
The game position resulting from any move can be considered to be another game .
Franz MÃ 1\/4 ntefering -LRB- born 16 January 1940 -RRB- is a German politician and industrial manager .
There are a number of national and locally produced television and radio channels available both over-the-air from the nearby RTCN BiaÅ ystok -LRB- Krynice -RRB- Mast , the seventh highest structure in Poland , in addition to vector sites within the city . There is also a cable television system available within the city .
Yunus 's marriage with Vera ended within months of the birth of their baby girl , Monica Yunus -LRB- b. 1979 Chittagong -RRB- , as Vera returned to New Jersey claiming that Bangladesh was not a good place to raise a baby .
The aircraft had been eliminated from regular-scheduled service in the continental United States in 2006 , when Delta Air Lines take the type , but still sees regular service through North American charter operators such as Sierra Pacific , Pace , SkyKing , Amerijet and others .
The resulting album contained elements of heavy metal , psychedelic rock , classic rock , and hard-core punk .
Her theories were criticized by foreign authors for the misunderstanding of historical sources and revisionism .
Manchester was incorporated in 1838 under the Municipal Corporations Act 1835 as the Corporation of Manchester or Manchester Corporation .
Andrea Orlandi Stabilin -LRB- born 3 August 1984 in Barcelona , Catalonia -RRB- is a Spanish football winger .
Lund moved to Canada from Finland at the age of six .
He has played for Japan national team .
Soon afterwards the feud came to a coming in court , and Wilde 's new notoriety caused the play , despite its success , to be closed after just 86 performances .
Kenta Hoshihara is a Japanese football player currently playing for Gamba Osaka .
Every owner would start with a Baby Digimon , train it , develop it , take care of it , and then have battles with other Digimon owners to see who was stronger . The Digimon pet had several evolution capabilities and abilities too , so many owners had many different Digimon .
However , Way has reportedly also described the band 's style as `` What-else-ya-got-emo '' .
Verifiable facts and content not supported by multiple independent sources may be appropriate for inclusion within another article .
The municipal seat lies at Vicente Guerrero -LRB- aka Ciudad Guerrero -RRB- .
Ouendan 2 is a rhythm video game developed by iNiS and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo D hand-held video game console .
-LRB- '' ã ã ã ã ã ã ã '' -RRB- instead of `` I 'm home ! ''
He has appeared in every one of The Simpson video games , including Bart vs. the World , Bart Simpson 's Escape from Camp Deadly , Bart vs. the Space sport , Bart 's House of Weirdness , Bart vs. The Juggernaut , Bartman Meets Radioactive Man , Bart 's Nightmare , Bart & the Beanstalk and The Simpson Game , released in 2007 . Alongside the television series , Bart regularly appears in issues of Simpson Comics , which were first published on November 29 , 1993 and are still issued monthly , and also has his own series called Bart Simpson Comics which have been released since 2000 .
The thought is that if a user is `` feeling lucky '' , the search engine will return the perfect match the first time without having to page through the search results .
Its county seat is Atoka .
It is a part of Uptown West Palm , which also includes Riviera Beach & West Palm Beach .
Although for various reasons the opera closed soon after its fifth performance and is little known today , it has been recently enjoying a revival , both in a piano\/song concert version by Liszt at the Festival international Victor Hugo et Ã gaux 2007 and in a full orchestral version presented in July 2008 at Le Festival de Radio France et Montpellier Languedoc-Roussillon .
If somebody waiting for the lift wants to go up , but a car comes first that indicates that it is going down , then the person may decide not to get on the lift .
In 1940 she published My Native Land .
The units were ordered by Connex South Eastern , introduced by South Eastern Trains , and are now operated by southeast .
Edwards attended West Buckland School where his potential for the triple jump was spotted at an early age .
Fuchs plays Sadie in the Julie Taymor film Across the Universe .
Prato -LRB- Leventina -RRB- is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the quarter of Ticino in Switzerland .
The Cadet Forces Medal is awarded to recognize long and efficient service by commission Officers and non commission adult teacher of the UK Cadet Forces : The Army Cadet Force , the Air Training Corps , the Sea Cadet Corps and Combined Cadet Force , and commission Officers of the New Zealand Cadet Forces .
The definition of an essay is vague , overlap with those of an article and a short story .
Poultry such as duck , goose , and pigeon were captured in clear and cover on farms , where they were force-fed with sugar to fat them .
In April\/May 1965 the population briefly increased to 120 when the island was visited by six expedition -LRB- from Australia , N.Z. , Japan , U.K. , U.S.A. and U.S.S.R. -RRB- to observe the total solar dominate of 1965 May 30 .
The Nintendo DSi is a hand-held game system created by Nintendo and released between 2008 and 2009 in Japan , Australasia , Europe , North America , China and other regions through various distributor .
The six-member Board is composed of the President of the PLM , a representative of the PLM faculty , a distinguished graduate , a respected educator , and one other respected professional , and the super of the Division of City Schools-Manila .
The creation of a League Cup marked the difference from the Association Cup or Primary Cup , which is generally also open to teams from multiple league , often as far down as regional amateur league , and who are also members of the country 's football association .
Segisaurus is the only dinosaur to have ever been dig from the area .
Livingstone is now being gas as a key asset for ChÃ vez in the upcoming November elections in the country .
Oberhof is a municipality in the district of Laufenburg in the quarter of Aargau in Switzerland .
Echternach lies near the border with Germany , and is the oldest town -LRB- current population 4,610 -RRB- in Luxembourg .
It is assumed that pachycephalosaurs lived on a mixed diet of leaves , seeds , fruit and insects .
Still today the official lectionary followed by the Syrian Orthodox Church -LRB- with headquarters at Kottayam -LRB- Kerala -RRB- , and the Chaldean Syriac Church , also known as the Church of the East -LRB- Nestorian -RRB- , with headquarters at Trichur -LRB- Kerala -RRB- -RRB- presents lessons from only the twenty-two books of Peshitta , the version to which appeal is made for the settlement of doctrinal questions .
Lochieu is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
These lie of Bronze in the entertainment category for the breakfast show ` Toolan in the Morning ' , Gold in the competition award for ` Sell Me The Answer ' and Gold in the Station of the Year category .
Until 1975 , Lewis belonged to the county of Ross and Cromarty and Harris to Inverness-shire .
Located in northeast Kansas , Lawrence is the anchor city of the Lawrence , Kansas Metropolitan Area , which cover all of Douglas County .
Beginning in 1955 Eben taught for many years in the music history department at Charles University in Prague .
In the NFL playoffs , Warner ultimately led the force to a Super Bowl 34 victory against the Tennessee giant .
The disk pilot is used so that both the I\/O interface and the disk read\/write head can operate at full speed .
stop models of the line include the iPod Mini and the iPod Photo , the former being replaced by the iPod Nano , and the latter reintegrate into the main line as the iPod Classic .
The Dalai Lama signed the Golden Book during his 5th visit in Hamburg in February 2007 .
Just stay quiet . ''
Sean terrible for Aisling convince Liadan to go to SÃ dhe Dubh to bring Aisling back so they can be married .
Other uses of the signal include the police who sometimes use a recognition signal so that officers in uniform can recognize officers in normal clothing -LRB- secret -RRB- .
The additive satisfied the U.S. government 's requirements that the alcohol be bad for human consumption , and added visible color in case of a fire .
A debit card -LRB- also known as a bank card or check card -RRB- is a plastic card that provides an alternative payment method to cash when making purchases .
The domain was subsequently registered on January 16 through domain record-keeper Variomedia , and the current registrant tried to auction the right to use the domain .
After inspection , the event went ahead as planned .
In 1913 Cockatoo Island become the Commonwealth Naval Dockyard , but in 1933 it was take to the Cockatoo Island bob & Engineering Company Ltd. .
Year 1445 -LRB- MCDXLV -RRB- was a common year starting on Friday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
From there , miners watched for ships entering the harbor .
This is the Zion of information-in-process , the ultimate wetware dream of the intelligentsia : treatment converted with 100 percent efficiency into capital , the mechanism of that magical process being nomology or rule-making â '' true a rather specialized form of `` imagination . ''
On 22 October 2006 Cevio grew by contain the villages of Bignasco and Cavergno , previously municipality in their own right .
The Siberian hole are considered to have break via numerous air over a period of roughly a million years or more , probably east and south of Norilsk in Siberia .
The nothing file format is a data compression and archive format .
Image is center by default .
These included the Hazelwood Power Station , which was completed in 1971 .
The event drew a basic Center record attendance of 20,193 people from 14 countries and 48 states and gross more than $ 2.1 million in ticket sales , making it the highest gross WWE event ever at the basic Center , and the highest gross of the five WrestleManias held in California .
In 2007 , breast cancer was expected to cause 40,910 deaths in the US -LRB- 7 % of cancer deaths ; almost 2 % of all deaths -RRB- .
Thus , RyÅ `` jin is said to be one of the root of the Japanese imperial dynasty .
making it the fourth smallest country in the world .
Overall impact was minor ; there were no reported power outage , deaths , injuries , or marine emergency in association with the storm .
The south circuit is the other half of the track .
Granma is one of the provinces of Cuba .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
That same year , he wrote The Book of Bond , or , Every Man His Own 007 , a tongue-in-cheek how-to manual about being a sophisticated spy , under the pseudonym `` Lt Col. William -LRB- ` Bill ' -RRB- tan '' , tan being M 's Chief of Staff in many of Fleming 's Bond novels .
Piyaro Lund is a town and union council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan , it has a population of 23,613 .
Eastbourne College is a British co-educational independent school for day and room pupils aged 13 â `` 18 , situated on the south coast of England , included in the Tatler list of top public schools .
Guntersville is a city in Marshall County , Alabama , United States and is included in the Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area .
However , CristÃ bal , at the Caribbean term of the canal , had the only important port facilities in the late 1980s .
Preparatory work had already started at a site at Bessborough Gardens near Vauxhall Bridge Road in May 1967 , and on 28 June 1968 Richard Marsh , then Minister of Transport , approved the proposal to build a station at Pimlico .
Espionage or spot involves an individual get information that is considered secret or secret without the permission of the holder of the information .
He was then unanimously appointed secretary-general by the General Assembly on November 30 , 1962 , for a term of office ending on November 3 , 1966 .
The term lava flow is commonly cut to lava .
The order of Milan -LRB- Edictum Mediolanense -RRB- was a letter signed by emperor Constantine I and Licinius that announced religious acceptance in the Roman Empire .
Th particle -LRB- symbol Th -RRB- have an nuclear number of 90 , with 90 proton and 90 electron , of which 4 are valence electron .
According to all known documents actually dating from before 2005 , the critical concept of tie two of the three fundamental elements of Wikipedia , namely an encyclopedia and a wiki , first took form when Sanger met up with an old friend , Ben Kovitz . This meeting occurred at a dinner on January 2 , 2001 , and it was here that Sanger was first introduced to the functionality of wiki software .
This is sometimes referred to as organic material .
Another notable feature is the relatively low density of the Moon , which must mean it does not have a large metal core , like all other planetary bodies in the solar system .
Small memories on or close to the processor can operate faster than the much larger main memory .
The United States Postal Service has said that Graham is one of the few Americans , along with the current President , who can be delivered mail that simply reads his name and the country : `` Billy Graham , America . ''
Born into a non-patrician family in the province of Hispania Baetica , Trajan rose to bump during the reign of emperor Domitian .
The American Film Institute is an independent non-profit organization created by the National gift for the Arts , which was established in 1967 when President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the National Foundation on the Arts and the world Act .
These colors of the day are the traditional Thai birthday colors .
When IBM first released the magnetic disk drive in the 1956 -LRB- IBM 305 -RRB- a single drive would be directly attached to the using system , with each disk managed as a single entity .
He will serve as President until the next election .
Federico Balzaretti -LRB- born 6 December 1981 in Turin , Piedmont -RRB- is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a left back for Serie A club Palermo .
Nepal is a country in southern Asia .
In 1970 , he became director of the Deutsche Oper in Berlin .
The water surface area is 1.68 kmÂ .
Roy McKie -LRB- usually write `` McKiÃ '' -RRB- was an illustrator of children 's books , most notably under the Dr. Seuss form .
Today artificial dye have mostly replaced natural mahogany .
Sepanggar Bay Port will have the capacity to handle annually when its container terminal is completed .
While a few short-lived do based EDuke projects emerged , it was not until the release of EDuke32 , an extended version of Duke3D contain form of both Fowler 's Microsoft Windows JFDuke3D code and Saettler 's EDuke code , by one of 3D land ' forum moderator in late 2004 that EDuke 's script reference received community focus .
They renewed their association in 2007 , by which time the team had changed ownership .
The corner infill between the Jarrold and Norwich & Peterborough stands is called the Aviva Community Stand , which was originally built in 2005 and named after shop Norwich Union -LRB- now Aviva -RRB- .
He was well-known for his couple with Benjamin Luxon , repair many Victorian living-room songs .
She also stated that the team that sold the most items will win the challenge .
Trou CaÃ man is a seawater lake with a total area of 16.2 kmÂ . Lake MiragoÃ cents ne is one of the largest natural freshwater lakes in the Caribbean , with an area of 25 kmÂ .
Orbetello was an ancient Etruscan settlement , which in 280 BC passed under the control of the roman , who had founded their colony of Cosa -LRB- near the modern Ansedonia -RRB- .
sucker sequence number spaces are a more recent and sophisticated scheme for dealing with finite-sized sequence numbers in protocol .
However , as environmental , labor and social standards tend to be significantly light in NICs , many fair trade supporters have recommend standards for spell their products and criticized the outsourcing of jobs to NICs .
Regina -LRB- `` rej-eye-na '' -RRB- is the capital of Saskatchewan , Canada .
It originally air on the Fox network in the United States on December 17 , 1989 .
I The Massive Attack EP and part the particle EP chart on the UK Singles Chart and Swiss Singles Top 100 , despite being extended-play length releases .
Jair da Rosa Pinto , or simply Jair , -LRB- March 21 , 1921 -- July 28 , 2005 -RRB- was a Brazilian football midfielder , one of the leading Brazilian footballer of the 1940s and 50s , who is best remembered for his performance in Brazil 's 1950 FIFA World Cup campaign .
He also had a part in getting the Upper Dewalâ '' Kohala Road and the Ghora Galiâ '' Lora Road begun in 1964 , and finished in 1968 .
It is better known as a walk .
Gentlemen Prefer blonde also marked one of the earliest films in which William Travilla dressed Monroe .
To this end a program named `` CNR '' was developed : based on Debian 's Advanced box Tool , it provides an easy-to-use graphic user interface and a slightly modified package system for an annual fee .
It was not until J. F. Mozley published John Foxe and His Book in 1940 that Foxe 's rehabilitation as a historian began , start a controversy that has continued to that present . Recently , renewed interest in Foxe as a seminal figure in early modern studies created a demand for a new critical edition of the do and memorial , Foxe 's Book of martyr Variorum Edition .
A central government that get policy and apply it for the people at large is not the Iroquois model of government .
Riverside is home to the University of California , Riverside .
Alexander Elliot Anderson `` Alex '' Salmond MSP -LRB- ; born 31 December 1954 -RRB- is a Scottish politician , the fourth and current First Minister of Scotland .
Properties can have all sorts of dimensions , depending upon the system being considered ; parameters are dimensionless , or have the dimension of time or its mutual . ''
Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio .
The Red Army Faction -LRB- German : Rote Armee Fraktion -RRB- , cut to RAF and in its early stages commonly known as Baader-Meinhof Group , was one of postâ `` World War 2 Germany 's most violent and prominent left wing terror groups .
Yama is also mentioned in the Mahabharata as a great philosopher and fan of Supreme Brahma .
As the capital of Arizona , Phoenix houses the state legislature .
The V-type star-shaped 1929 Kollaa has been determined to have a composition blood-related to gather eucrite meteorite , indicating its origin deep within Vesta 's crust .
Direction index are sometimes engraved with arrow or shaped like arrow and\/or use the convention that one that lights up red means `` down '' and green means `` up '' .
Red Bay is a city in Franklin County , Alabama , United States .
Robert von Steiglitz stated in his journal '' â it may be questioned by some feather-bed philanthropist whether we had the right to take the country from the blacks but I believe the general rule is that if people work or range the land they have a claim to it .
The Parana trap are in private and public areas , now protected by environmental legislation which keep them from being log .
The Omnibox is the URL box at the top of each check , which trust the functionality of both the Address bar and search box . If a user enters the URL of a site previously look from , Chrome allows pressing check to search the site again directly from the Omnibox .
Priay is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
The younger sister of professional tennis players Valeria and Alyona Bondarenko , she was born in Kryvyi Rih , Ukraine , then part of the Soviet Union .
Chris Ashwin born 19 November 1987 in England is a rugby union player for Bristol Rugby in the Guinness Premiership .
Kim Dong-Jin -LRB- born 29 January 1982 in Dongducheon -RRB- is a South Korean footballer who plays left back for the FC Seoul .
Mumpf is a municipality in the district of Rheinfelden in the quarter of Aargau in Switzerland .
However , the SEAL were never successful at the gate , and eventually moved to Cleveland to become the Cleveland power in 1976 .
Though generally calm , the DMZ has been the scene of much saber-rattling between the two Korea over the years .
It is now thought that the first passerine evolved in Gondwana at some time in the Paleogene , maybe around the Late Paleocene some 60 â `` 55 mya .
Typical examples of deflagration are the burning of a gas-air mixture in a gas range or a fuel-air mixture in an internal burning engine , and the rapid burning of powder in a piece or of firework variety in fireworks .
Bortuzzo was draft by the Pittsburgh penguin in the 3rd Round -LRB- 78th overall -RRB- of the 2007 NHL Entry Draft .
Larsen won several dozen major international tournament during his career , and was awarded the first cheat Oscar in 1967 .
cut fiberglass wing both front and rear meant removal of the Beetle 's distinctive running boards and the likely addition of more tube-shaped steel parts -LRB- side bars -RRB- in their place .
It lie of 10 easy , 21 Intermediate , and 13 expert lead .
The station would then be renamed `` Radio 4 Extra '' .
Halifax Town Association Football Club were an English football team who most recently played in the Conference National , although prior to that they participated in the Football League for over 80 years .
set the document id for the check that Friendly 's check feature should rename .
â `` change the two-digit FIPS State Code argument given into the full name of the state , e.g. ' returns ' This guide produces the full name of the region for the 2-digit FIPS state code or the Ea Code for the Emergency Alert System .
As Deianeira is top Queen of Troy we see Hercules thrown down from out of the sky , a man approaches him asking him for help , Hercules agrees and the two men walk off to the next adventure .
Urban parish continued to exist , and were generally coterminous with the urban district or municipal borough in which they were situated .
Breese is a city in Clinton County , Illinois , United States .
Some of these pie are pie in name only , such as the Boston cream pie , which is a cake .
A few laugh and ride him .
Hurricane Florence turned to the north and north-northeast through a break in the subtropical ridge .
Diaz is a city in Jackson County , Arkansas , United States .
Alperton is a London Underground station on the Uxbridge branch of the Piccadilly Line .
Tiger poker are almost entirely planetary as adults , and usually only return to the water to breed .
Instead , he insisted that `` the liberalism , anti-God media needs to be brought under the strict control of the FCC , and that as soon as possible . ''
In June 1966 , Campbell decided to once more try for a water speed record with K7 : his target , 300 mph -LRB- 480 km\/h -RRB- .
Since the fossil record , particularly of the Early Welsh , is so poor , it is difficult to estimate the rate of eye evolution .
Scoring is calculated continuously , so if a player is currently on 49 points at the start of a game they only have to win one point for the game to end .
For detailed discussions of the size of Wikipedia , see the essay pages : , or , or .
Legree -LRB- a transfer Yankee -RRB- takes Tom to rural Louisiana , where Tom meets Legree 's other slaves , including Emmeline -LRB- whom Legree purchased at the same time -RRB- .
From 1983 to 1985 , Fischer was a member of the Bundestag for the Green party .
The city is also a major Eastern Caribbean industrial center , its main exports being bass , electronics , drink , dress , and salt .
Because of this skepticism , during early the 19th century the parish increasingly lost its powers to ad-hoc boards and other organizations , such as the loss of responsibility for poor relief through the Poor Law Amendment Act 1834 .
Nature 's services analysis look the global yield of the Earth 's biosphere to humans as a whole .
The Glossy-mantled Manucode was the first bird of paradise encountered by the French naturalist RenÃ - PrimevÃ re Lesson , the first western to see live wild birds of paradise .
As is the case with other clubs in the Argentine First Division , the fans celebrate the `` Worldwide Day of Gimnasia 's Fans '' on December 10 with a large party and outside gathering .
ZhÅ `` â XÄ `` â or Chu Hsi -LRB- æ ç , October 18 , 1130 , Youxi , Fujian province , China â `` April 23 , 1200 , China -RRB- was a Song Dynasty -LRB- 960-1279 -RRB- Confucian student who became the leading figure of the School of Principle and the most influential rationalist Neo-Confucian in China .
A major Canadian piano and organ and reed organ company operated under the name of Woodstock Organ Company for many years of the early twentieth century .
Tajwal is one of the 51 union council of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
With a population of around 50,000 , Scarborough is the largest holiday resort on the Yorkshire coast .
His birth name was Lotario dei Conti di segno , sometimes anglicised to Lothar of segno .
She now lives in Stockholm with her boyfriend Alexander Skepp .
SerriÃ res-de-Briord is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
The Egyptian recognized three seasons : Akhet -LRB- flood -RRB- , Peret -LRB- found -RRB- , and Shemu -LRB- harvest -RRB- .
That year , Bradham sold 7,968 gal of syrup .
Originally , the track featured four track form : the 28.265 k-long Gesamtstrecke -LRB- `` Whole Course '' -RRB- , which in turn lie of the 22.810 k Nordschleife -LRB- `` Northern Loop '' -RRB- , and the 7.747 k SÃ 1\/4 dschleife -LRB- `` Southern Loop '' -RRB- .
Ã `` DÃ laigh tenure as president proved to be contentious .
Then the pattern changed .
Garhi Yasin is a town located in the north of Sindh province of Pakistan .
The non-program content of Debian began to comply with the DFSG more strictly in Debian 4.0 -LRB- released in April 2007 -RRB- and subsequent releases .
Joshua David Bell -LRB- born December 9 , 1967 -RRB- is an American Grammy Award-winning violinist .
89 -LRB- or 84 -RRB- people from Maratha and Santalaris were killed , and a further 37 people were killed in the village of Aloda .
He painted eight hundred and twenty-six paintings .
fibula are also divided into classes based on their general forms .
Given the very similar color of the satellite to that of Nereid together with the high probability -LRB- 41 % -RRB- of hit in the past life of the Solar System , it has been suggested that the satellite could be a fragment of Nereid .
FluquiÃ re is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Its activities would expand to include railway engine and grip equipment , steam turbine , consumer electronics , guided missile , aircraft and computers .
It was the time of overgrowth : thus it was for the second temple of Apollo at Didyma , situated twenty km from Miletus in Ionia .
Shoichi Funaki -LRB- born August 24 , 1968 -RRB- is a Japanese\/American professional wrestler best known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment , where he was a one-time Cruiserweight Champion and a one-time hard-core Champion .
Critics noted it to be heavily influenced by pop groups like ABBA and Ace of Base , and predominantly gave positive reviews for it .
Robinson Jr. eventually completed the treatment program at Daytop Village in Seymour , Connecticut , and became a advocate at the institution .
, One Piece , Saint Seiya , El chance , Detective Conan and Read or Die .
When iodic acid is carefully heated , it dehydrate to I pentoxide .
Further research into these plants ' carnivorous version may reveal that a few protocarnivorous plants do meet the more set definition of a carnivorous plant .
From 1995 forward , Rau led an SPD-Greens coalition in NRW .
Epicurus did not say a broad system of social ethics that has survived .
In 1996 , UNESCO declared the town a World Heritage Site , and in 2004 the entire valley , the Val d'Orcia , was included on the list of UNESCO 's World Cultural landscape .
Fontaine-Henry is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France .
They were accompanied by the Berlin symphony conducted by Claudio Abbado .
Insects land on the leaf , become involved by the surface tension of the water , and choke .
Along with providing various guest services , the haven features a number of animal habitat .
He was replaced by former heaven guitarist Jason Everman .
Both the Santiago BernabÃ u and Wembley Stadium , hosts for the 2010 and 2011 Champions League finals , respectively , have content greater than 70,000 , as does the Stadio Olimpico in Rome , Italy , which hosted the 2009 Champions League Final .
For example , the joinery used to build a house is different from that used to make get toys , although some concepts lap .
The crime rate in Russia sharp increased during the late 1980s .
Up to four authors can be given as parameters ; if there are more than four authors , list only the first four .
As a testament to the character of Bobby Dodd , each year a Division I college coach who has demonstrated leadership both on and off the field is awarded the Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Award , presented by the Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Foundation .
Ralph Waldo Emerson -LRB- May 25 , 1803 â `` April 27 , 1882 -RRB- was an American reader , philosopher , essayist , and poet , best remembered for leading the Transcendentalist movement of the mid-19th century .
He was succeeded at the UN by Kofi Annan .
For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 86.70 males .
December to Dismember -LRB- 1995 -RRB- was a professional wrestling event that took place on December 9 , 1995 at the ECW Arena in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
corruption refers to an attempt to transform the established social order , its structures of power , authority , using , servitude , and hierarchy ; examples of such structures include the state .
It tells the story of 13-year-old Anna , who process her parents for medical emancipation when she is expected to donate a kidney to her sister Kate , who is dying from leukemia .
In 1539 , during Henry 8 's breakup of the monastery , the cathedral suffered only minor damage , but St Etheldreda 's shrine was destroyed .
Devoted to Younger Black Artists .
She lives in Los Angeles and Washington D.C. .
; abercrombie : Prep-school by Abercrombie & Fitch theme as `` classic cool '' for kids 7 through 14 , this is the children 's version of Abercrombie & Fitch .
Rivera is a surname of Spanish and Italian origin which was the old spelling of ribera , the Spanish word of â riverbankâ .
The song is an anthemic ode to both artists ' native New York , and features a music sample of `` Love on a Two-Way Street '' -LRB- 1970 -RRB- by The Moments .
Though Hindenburg ran during the second round of the elections as a non-party independent , he was generally regarded as the conservative candidate .
The three new camps continued to function until the end of the war :
The General Encyclopedia had been successfully printed by Bracha Peli 's printing business under the editorship of Prof. Joseph Klausner . Bracha Peli 's son , Alexander was keen to start a more challenging encyclopedia in Hebrew .
1985 was its final running , as the company that commercially ran the circuit -LRB- CENAV -RRB- went out of business , set the end of Circuit Zandvoort .
It is now widely agreed that conodonts had large eyes , 5 with 5 rays , chevron-shaped muscles and a notochord .
As chef de cuisine of the celebrated restaurant Voisin on the regret Saint HonorÃ , Choron is best known for his invention of Choron sauce , a sauce bÃ arnaise enriched with tomato concentrate before reduction .
Do Ab is the name of a rural area situated in the heart of Savadkuh County of Mazanderan province , Iran .
Category four is also required to host any game in the main competition of the UEFA Europa League or the UEFA European Football Championship .
To supplement their income Emanuel Lasker played cheat and card games for small stakes , especially at the CafÃ Kaiserhof .
Bitcoin uses a distributed database spread across guest of a peer-to-peer network to journal transactions , and uses coding in order to provide basic security functions , such as ensuring that bitcoins can only be spent by the person who owns them , and never more than once .
The book , illustrated by Rob Steen , features 35 different characters described as species of animal which form an imaginary world .
Sanrio 's best known character is Hello pool , a white cat with red bow and no visible mouth , one of the most successful marketing brands in the world .
Tarqeq , also known as Saturn 52 -LRB- provisional appointment S\/2007 S 1 -RRB- is a natural satellite of Saturn .
-LRB- -LRB- MÆ á 3\/4 á á Ð Ó Î â Ð -RRB- -LRB- W W. \* W -RRB- ? -RRB-
alfalfa is the capital of the quarter of alfalfa and the capital of the district with the same name .
One of the best known sets of pirate articles was set down by the famous Wailish pirate in 1720 .
Aaron Dontez Yates -LRB- born November 8 , 1971 -RRB- , better known by his stage name Tech N9ne -LRB- pronounced `` Tech Nine '' -RRB- , is an American rapper from Kansas City , Missouri .
EckernfÃ rde is a popular tourist destination in Northern Germany .
Latimer is a city in Franklin County , Iowa , United States .
Heavy-duty plastic floor had been put over the field , to protect the turf , provide sit , and serve as the steel structures ' foundation .
The deep fuselage served also as a hull and was equipped with hand-cranked retractable landing gear .
It first air on the Fox network in the United States on December 5 , 1991 .
In 1990 , June Tabor recorded an album with the folk-rock band The Oyster Band titled Freedom and Rain .
It falls from an EL of 5,753 m -LRB- 18,875 ft -RRB- above sea level at its head at Indira gap on the China border down to 3,620 m -LRB- 11,875 ft -RRB- at its term .
In the Pacific Northwest of North America , a Quetzalcoatlus is flying above the landscape , looking for food .
Vesoul is a communicate in the Haute-Sa Ã ne department in the region of Franche-Comt Ã in eastern France .
The city was captured by the combined forces of Aragon and Castile from the army of the Muslim Emirate of Granada .
In order to get to see the Queen , Hercules sells himself as a slave , and the Queen buy him .
Ï Ï Ï -LRB- pyros -RRB- , meaning `` grain '' and was originally applied to the White Persimmon -LRB- D. lotus -RRB- .
In the build up to the release of the album , BBC Radio 1 DJ Zane Lowe air a live set by the band from Maida valley studios on 30 January 2007 , featuring a mix of old and new songs .
The Menai sound -LRB- , the `` River Menai '' -RRB- is a narrow stretch of shallow tidal water about 25 km -LRB- 16 miles -RRB- long , which part the island of Mona from the mainland of Wales .
The Cambridge Dictionary set coalition as : the union of different political parties or groups for a particular purpose , usually for a limited time .
Major northâ `` south streets crossing Unter den lime are FriedrichstraÃ e and Wilhelmstrasse .
This did n't change until 1973 with the installation of a new computer , increasing processing power of the Weather Centre greatly , leading to figure twice as accurate as earlier ones .
Google Chrome OS is a Linux operating system designed by Google to work exclusively with web applications .
Oxford is a city in Johnson County , Iowa , United States .
Between 1989 and 1992 he produced the debut albums for Soul II Soul -LRB- Club classic Vol .
Saint-P Ã ray is a communicate in the ArdÃ che department in the RhÃ ne-Alpes region in southern France .
Joe began his musical career at age 15 , learning to play by ear and influenced during his plastic years by Bad Religion , Minor Threat , Bad Brains , the descendant and other like minded bands .
Bourdenay is a communicate in the Aube department in north-central France .
Wing Commander George Hedley Stainforth AFC RAF -LRB- 1899 - 27 September 1942 -RRB- was a British Royal Air Force pilot and the first man in the world to top 400 miles per hour .
It is the size of Slovenia , about one-third the size of Tasmania , or nearly half the size of Switzerland .
Lucario thinks of Sir Aaron as both his master and close friend .
Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard , David C. Jewitt , Jan Kleyna , and Brian G. Marsden on May 4 , 2005 , from observations taken between December 12 , 2004 , and March 11 , 2005 .
Daniel Waters also gained recognition for his screenplay , which won a 1990 Edgar Award .
Siegfried arrives , mask as Gunther using the Tarnhelm , and claims BrÃ 1\/4 nnhilde as his wife .
Performances continued into February and March of 1731 . production in 1732 included a new prologue , now lost , that had been added for the 10 May 1731 performance .
The primary difference between Linux and many other popular contemporary operating systems is that the Linux heart and other components are free and open source software .
Ives had composed two symphony , but it is with The Unanswered Question -LRB- 1906 -RRB- , written for the highly unusual combination of trump , four flute , and string orchestra , that he established the mature sonic world that became his signature style .
Filoni also has a note book sized planner on his desk with Plo Koon 's picture record to the outside , and he has written the words `` Plo Kool '' on concept art designs for the Clone Wars , indicating that he liked those designs .
She has also appeared with her sister , Aly , in the MTV film Super Sweet 16 : The Movie .
Pyrgopolynices from Miles Gloriosus -LRB- vs. 1265 -RRB- , in big about his long life , says he was born one day later than Jupiter .
Nazi Germany wished to present the Nationalist Socialist Party as kindly and peace-loving when they hosted the 1936 Games .
Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's controversial comments , which included questioning the dimension of the Holocaust , have trip discussions concerning Freiburg 's partnership with Isfahan .
It was constructed by the Armed law and local MÄ ori who worked on their land . Before this , access to Te so-and-so was made across the Papamoa Hills from Ngapeke to Manoeka , following an ancient MÄ ori trail .
Since then , Chevrolet currently sells the Chevrolet Cruze , Chevrolet light , Chevrolet Optra , Chevrolet Aveo , Chevrolet Tavera , Chevrolet Captiva , Chevrolet SRV , Chevrolet Beat and Chevrolet Aveo U-VA .
Corippo lies in the Verzasca valley some 12 km -LRB- 7.4 miles -RRB- from Locarno at the north end of the artificial Lake Vogorno , and 20 km from the border with Italy .
Shortly after Everett 's well-received remarks , Lincoln spoke for but a few minutes .
Following his graduation , he worked from 1898 to 1900 as a newspaper reporter in New York City , but returned to Richmond in 1901 , where he worked several months on the staff of the Richmond News .
Rocky rapid has no public transit .
Zhejiang is an eastern coastal province of the People 's Republic of China .
It is the largest urban center in Sabah and the sixth largest in Malaysia .
He was just 33 years old when he won the 1958 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for see that bacteria can mate and exchange genes .
Chavannes-sur-Suran is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
The series attempted to create a setting of a game , realistic police station similar to that of NYPD Blue , but disagree by focusing on the uniform police officers rather than the detective .
The DVP was initially seen , along with the German National People 's Party , as part of the `` national opposition '' to the Weimar Republic , particularly for its stew acceptance of democracy and its ambivalent attitude towards the Freikorps and the Kapp coup in 1920 .
Balinghem is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
A Mexican divorce was granted on January 24 , 1961 in Ciudad Juarez by Francisco JosÃ GÃ mez Fraire .
Their closest relatives are thought to be the phylum Loricifera and Priapulida .
During the Weimar Republic he was acknowledged for his poster design , his book example and his drawings .
In the United Kingdom , McAllister is a supporter of the Conservative Party .
He was President of Germany from 2004 to 2010 .
He was then assigned to AHL associate , the Rockford IceHogs for the duration of the 2009 â `` 10 season .
Colombia also shares marine borders with Venezuela , Jamaica , Haiti , the Dominican Republic , Honduras , Nicaragua and Costa Rica .
They can communicate with other Emoto-tronic Furbies , though to a lesser extent than the communication between original Furbies , and they can not themselves communicate with the original Furbies nor low-down Furbies .
Among the wins were three in UCI ProTour events , the two in the Volta a Catalunya and one in the Eneco Tour of Benelux .
So , in a more complex way , did Jean-Jacques Rousseau , whose feeling center on the goodness of man and the liberty of citizens bound only by the social contractâ '' a form of popular reign .
The various enemies from Bubble blow also make an appearance in the background of the credits sequence .
The city is served by Sultan Mahmud Badaruddin II Airport which has scheduled flights to many cities in Indonesia and also to Singapore by Silk Air and Malaysia by Sriwijaya Air .
Billy Smith of the New York Islanders was the first winner of the Vezina under the current system .
The plot instance the orbital parameters of the retreat second planet of Uranus -LRB- in opposite co-ordinates -RRB- with the eccentricity of the area represented by the section extending from the pericentre to the apocentre .
The series centers on Sookie Stackhouse -LRB- played by actress Anna Paquin -RRB- , a telepathic wait at a bar , who falls in love with vampire Bill Compton -LRB- Stephen Moyer -RRB- .
An illegal abortion may be called a `` back-alley '' , `` backstreet '' , or `` back-yard '' abortion .
He went on to continue his youth career with Ä akovec and Varteks VaraÅ 3\/4 boom , eventually win to the first team at Varteks in the summer of 2004 .
The City of Vernon has a population of 35,944 -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , while its metropolitan region , Greater Vernon , has a population of 55,418 -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . With this population , Vernon is the largest city in the North Okanagan Regional District .
The Sir Bobby Robson Stand was completely rebuild in 2001 and has a capacity of around 7,500 .
The cape pit is a central feature of molluscan biology .
The Explorer was the first cruise ship designed specifically to sail the frozen waters of the south-polar Ocean , and the first to sink there when she struck an unknown underwater object on November 23 , 2007 , reported to be ice , which caused a 10 by 4 inch -LRB- 25 Ã -- 10 cm -RRB- cut in the hull .
-LRB- 2 -RRB- No one may be compelled to belong to an association .
He discovered the answer to several look paradox caused by ascertainment bias .
Grand shrink Inc. is her recording studio of choice in producing for these two media .
Its beliefs and practices , especially the concepts of Bhakti and Bhakti Yoga , are based largely on the Upanishads , and associated with the Veda and Puranic texts such as the Bhagavad Gita , and the Padma , Vishnu and Bhagavata Purana .
As of 2010 , the last person to be executed in the gas chamber was German national Walter LaGrand , sentenced to death before 1992 , who was executed in Arizona on March 3 , 1999 .
She died on 15 September 2006 , in her native Florence , from lung cancer .
At The South Bank Show Awards on 27 January 2006 Piper was awarded The Times find Award for her successful transition from singing to acting .
In 1936 , a group of wealthy residents of Long Island , including E. Roland Harriman , approached Grumman and commission an aircraft that they could use to fly to New York City .
London Bridge is a bridge over the River Thames , connecting the City of London and Southwark , in central London .
The title is taken from his poem , `` The Black Speaks of Rivers '' . Within the center of the cosmogram , above his ash , is the line : `` My soul has grown deep like the rivers '' .
Jeff Probst expressed open revolt at Osten 's decision to quit .
The population was 428 at the 2000 census .
The assault force immediately laid siege to Fort Provintia , catching Valentyn unprepared since the fort was supposedly protected by Fort Zeelandia ; facing overwhelming enemy forces , Valentyn deliver the fort on April 4 .
The Brundtland Commission , formally the World Commission on Environment and Development -LRB- WCED -RRB- , known by the name of its Chair Gro Harlem Brundtland , was convened by the United Nations in 1983 . The commission was created to address growing concern `` about the speed impairment of the human environment and natural resources and the consequences of that impairment for economic and social development . ''
James Abram Garfield -LRB- November 19 , 1831 - September 19 , 1881 -RRB- served as the 20th President of the United States , after completing nine consecutive terms in the U.S. House of Representatives .
In recognition of this work , he , Francis rick and James Watson were awarded the 1962 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine , `` for their find concerning the molecular structure of nucleic acid and its significance for information transfer in living material . ''
Budai drops his bag .
Other notable events in Spokane include the Spokane Interstate Fair , Spokane Comic con , Japan Week , Get Lit !
Some states were of such importance that their rule were almost always appointed Knights Grand commander ; such rule included the Nizam of Hyderabad , the Maharaja of Karnataka , the Maharaja of Jammu and Kashmir , the Maharaja of Baroda , the maharaja of Gwalior , the Nawab of Bhopal , the Maharaja of Indore , the Maharana of Udaipur , the Maharaja of Travancore , the Maharana of Jodhpur and the Maharao of kutch .
The journey is almost at its end , Tristan drinks and Isolde takes half the potion for herself . The potion seems to work but it does not bring death but stern love -LRB- `` Tristan !
It was designed to serve as a GUI-based , user-accessible means of download and establish various applications , both free and proprietary .
The population was 167 at the 2000 census .
Most apprentice were males , but female apprentice were found in trade such as seamstress , cut , cordwainer , baker and stationer . apprentice usually began at ten to fifteen years of age , and would live in the master artisan 's household .
Since its origin in 1973 , the PCJSS has fought for self-direction and the recognition of the ethnic identity and rights of the indigenous tribes of the Hill pathway .
Since their arrival , the group has written some of the most popular bits in recent SNL history , most notably , the SNL Digital Shorts and MacGruber .
Hybrid networks use a combination of any two or more topology in such a way that the resulting network does not exhibit one of the standard topology -LRB- e.g. , bus , star , ring , etc. -RRB- .
The guitar solo was played by Paul McCartney .
Arnold Alois Schwarzenegger -LRB- born July 30 , 1947 -RRB- is an Austrian-American former professional muscle-builder , actor , model , businessman and politician who served as the 38th Governor of California -LRB- 2003 â `` 2011 -RRB- .
The presence of Rangers and Celtic has been estimated to be worth Â # 120 million to the Scottish economy .
Chimbote is the largest city in the Ancash Region of Peru , and the capital of both Santa Province and Chimbote District .
Wingfield is a village in the county of Wiltshire , England , United Kingdom .
Each episode of Season One attracted more than a million viewers on its first air .
All lymphocytes start , during this process , from a common lymphoid progenitor before tell into their distinct lymphocyte types .
Because there are two separate control in each USB 3.0 host , USB 3.0 devices will air and receive at USB 3.0 data rates regardless of USB 2.0 or earlier devices connected to that host .
For fewer GA articles , suggested award is userbox : .
Malta is a city in Cassia County , ID , United States .
In Japan 's feudal past the Samurai class continue the honor of their family , tribe , or their lord by katakiuchi , or revenge down .
The communist refused to turn over his body to his family for burial , and rumors run that he had in fact died of torture .
Aliens of the Deep is a 2005 documentary film , directed in part by James Cameron and filmed in the IMAX 3D format .
The President automatically becomes a member of the said groups once he is appointed , but he does not necessarily come from within the ICRC organization .
K is a common element found in many materials , such as mica , clay mineral , tephra , and evaporite .
In 2003 and 2004 , it was an exclusive event for the Raw brand .
The Greek government also provided funding , which was expected to be recover through the future sale of tickets to the Games and from the sale of the first Olympic commemorative stamp set .
Floringhem is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Saint - Ã tienne-de-Brillouet is a communicate in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
` AbbÃ s Effendi was BahÃ ` u 'll Ã h 's eldest son , known by the title of ` Abdu ` l-Bah Ã -LRB- Servant of BahÃ -RRB- .
flu A and C infect multiple species , while flu B almost exclusively infect humans .
`` If we plant a row of terminal down this hall now , ten terminal , to represent the last ten years , and on each pole we make a mark at a height from the floor corresponding to the relative written use of Afrikaans in the respective year , and we draw a line , from the first here near the floor to the last over there against the attic , then the line would describe a rapidly rising arc , not only quickly rising , but rising in a quickly increasing manner .
As of 2010 , there is no complete gathering of the save of Leibniz .
Over its existence , the administrative county lost territory , both to the existing county borough , and also due to the municipal borough of West Hartlepool becoming a county borough in 1902 and Darlington in 1915 .
He states that Globalization 1 involved the globalization of countries , Globalization 2 involved the globalization of companies and Globalization 3 involves the globalization of individuals .
122 units have been built .
East Alabama Male College was turned over to the state in 1872 , and with funds from the federal Morrill Act was renamed Alabama Agricultural and Mechanical College with a new mission as a land grant college .
Chemical Change : During chemical change , means are changed into different means .
The memo led to strong Bush administration lobby , obviously at the behest of ExxonMobil , to expel Robert Watson , a climate scientist , from the IPCC chairmanship , and to have him replaced by Pachauri , who was seen at the time as more mild-mannered and industry-friendly .
They are found worldwide , but mostly occur in the Northern Hemisphere and southern Africa , typically in dry and\/or cold areas where water may be just .
Galva is a city in Ida County , Iowa , United States .
The first reference to an lift is in the works of the Roman architect Vitruvius , who reported that Archimedes -LRB- c. 287 BC â `` c. 212 BC -RRB- built his first lift probably in 236 BC .
Richard Keys -LRB- born 23 April 1957 in Coventry -RRB- is an English radio sponsor best known for his time with British sports channel Sky Sports from 1991 until 2011 .
The early modern period also saw the rise and say-so of the economic theory of commerce .
Most of the Cape York Peninsula is dry than nearby New Guinea which limits the rainforest plants of that island from migrate across to Australia .
As an exogenous tree grows , it creates growth rings as new wood is laid down concentrically over the old wood .
The first is the game 's random battle encounter system : each area put values to PokÃ Monday in a data pilot , which the game access for the player 's encounters with wild PokÃ mon. .
In 1766 Banks was elected to the Royal Society , and in the same year , at 23 , he accompanied Phipps to Newfoundland and Labrador with a view of studying their natural history .
Harran is a village and district of Å anlÄ urfa Province in the Kurdish southeast of Turkey , 24 miles -LRB- 44 km -RRB- southeast of the city of Å anlÄ urfa and near the Syrian border .
Adrian NÄ stase -LRB- born June 22 , 1950 -RRB- is a Romanian politician who was the Prime Minister of Romania from December 2000 to December 2004 .
Nigel Paul Farage -LRB- ; born 3 April 1964 -RRB- is a British politician and is the leader of the UK Independence Party -LRB- UKIP -RRB- , a position he previously held from September 2006 to November 2009 .
abuse of administrator favor is typically appeal through the Arbitration Committee ; only this authority and Wikimedia keeper have the power to remove administrator flags .
Mercury occurs in deposits throughout the world mostly as Chinese-red -LRB- mercuric sulfide -RRB- .
From 1660 to 1680 , Trinidad was harry by pirates from Jamaica and Tortuga , and on two occasions , pirates level the city .
Its designers aimed primarily at a clientâ `` server model , and it provides mutual certification -- both the user and the server control each other 's identity .
After being noticed by Graham James at a hockey camp , Kennedy joined the Swift Current Broncos of the Western Hockey League -LRB- WHL -RRB- for the 1986 â `` 87 season .
A text printed on the back of the album System of a Down reads : `` The hand has five fingers , capable and powerful , with the ability to destroy as well as create '' .
In late 2008 through early 2009 , WWE Tag Team Champions The ColÃ north -LRB- Carlito and Primo -RRB- engaged in competition with the World Tag Team Champions John Morrison and The Miz , which resulted in the announcement on the March 17 edition of ECW that at WrestleMania 25 both teams would defend their titles against each other and the winning team would hold both titles .
madrasa -LRB- , madrasa pl .
The Northern white-tailed deer -LRB- borealis -RRB- , Dakota white-tailed deer -LRB- dacotensis -RRB- , and Northwest white-tailed deer -LRB- ochrourus -RRB- are some of the largest animals , with large antlers .
It was to be fly by JJ Lehto and Karl Wendlinger .
The leaves are evergreen in the south of the range , but deciduous further north where winter are cold ; they are oval-elliptic with an acute peak , 3-7 cm long and 2-4 cm broad , with a smooth or very fine jagged margin .
Before the coming of modern antibiotics , it was used to medicine patch .
Tampa Bay and Boston were both young teams with no history of recent postseason success .
In number theory , the totient of a positive integer n is defined to be the number of positive integer less than or equal to n that are coprime to n -LRB- i.e. having no common positive factors other than 1 -RRB- .
It was followed by For a Few Dollars More -LRB- 1965 -RRB- and The Good , the Bad and the Ugly -LRB- 1966 -RRB- , also starring Eastwood . Collectively , the films are commonly known as the `` Dollars Trilogy '' or `` The Man With No Name Trilogy '' .
The book received many positive reviews .
banana are most often eaten raw , while plantain tend to be cooked or otherwise work , and are used either when green or green -LRB- and therefore stiff -RRB- or overripe -LRB- and therefore sweet -RRB- .
The old man with whom he lives has a cloud , pale , blue `` vulture-like '' eye which so hurt the narrator that he game to murder the old man , though the narrator states that he loves the old man , and hates only the eye .
The district is crossed by the main line of the North-Western railway , and also cover along the south by a branch line .
kerfeldt explained :
In 2007 , he was nominated for the Group Executive of the Year award by Radio & Records magazine .
Batista became aware of the plot while surreptitiously eavesdropping on fellow Evolution members and signed a contract ensure him a match with the World giant Champion Triple H at WrestleMania 21 , thus leaving Evolution and officially turning into a fan favorite .
Since the great silver crisis of 1873 , a growing number of nations had been take the gold standard .
The library itself is known to have had an learning department -LRB- possibly built near the lot , or for utility closer to the harbor -RRB- , and a catalogue department .
A military person infobox may be used to sum information about an individual military person , such as a soldier or military leader .
Under the KÃ ppen climate classification , Basseterre features a tropical rainforest climate .
In 1999 , the World Bank and the IMF introduced the Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper approach to replace structural registration loans .
Shungnak is a city in Northwest Arctic Borough , Alaska , United States .
In 1965 , at age 20 , du PrÃ recorded the Elgar Concerto for EMI with the London Symphony Orchestra and Sir John Barbirolli , which brought her international recognition .
adult or otherwise offensive search terms are except from the suggested results .
This led the Florida Legislature to create new agencies -LRB- the Joint cover Association , the Florida Windstorm cover Association and the Florida Hurricane disaster Fund -RRB- to restore adequate insurance coverage .
She had her first exhibition in 1991 .
Presles-et-Thierny is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
There is no uniform for a female lord-lieutenant , but there is a badge which can be worn on ceremony occasions .
Rhine founded the parapsychology lab at Duke University , the Journal of Parapsychology , and the Foundation for Research on the Nature of Man .
The name ` Red Forest ' comes from the ginger-brown color of the pine trees after they died following the concentration of high levels of radiation from the Chernobyl accident on April 26 , 1986 .
Henri Matisse 's two versions of The Dance mean a key point in his career and in the development of modern painting .
RobÄ neÅ si is a communicate in Dolj County , Romania , with a population of 2,821 people .
It is an administrative parish , in comparison to an ecclesiastical parish .
His reputation rose further when opposition leaders under parliamentary privilege alleged that Taoiseach Charles Haughey , who in January 1982 had been Leader of the Opposition , had not merely call the President 's Office but threatened to end the career of the army officer who took the call and who , on Hillery 's expressed instructions , had refused to put through the call to the President .
This foliar feeding can be observed in most non-carnivorous plants .
It borders -LRB- clockwise from the West -RRB- on the Walloon provinces of Hainaut , Walloon Brabant , LiÃ ge and Luxembourg in Belgium , and on France .
Nico Rosberg was announced as the team 's first driver on 23 November 2009 and on 23 December 2009 , seven-times world champion Michael Schumacher announced that he will be returning to Formula 1 , this time with the Mercedes team .
My visit is missing as a symbol of this very kind of censorship .
Foxe died on 18 April 1587 and was buried at St. Giles 's , Cripplegate .
Foreign companies find accent neutralization easier in Pakistan than in India .
The games are targeted at `` ages 10 and up '' and are rated `` E '' -LRB- `` Everyone '' -RRB- by the ESRB .
Those three novels by Duma are together known as the d'Artagnan court .
DumbrÄ veni is a communicate located in Suceava County , Romania .
Julio CÃ sar Baldivieso Rico -LRB- born December 2 , 1971 in Cochabamba -RRB- is a former Bolivian association football midfielder who played for the Bolivian national team in the 1994 World Cup and several Copa AmÃ ricas .
The network was launched in June 2005 as a result of discussion held the previous year at the International Conference for Renewable get-up-and-go in Bonn , Germany .
It is the fourth original 3D platformer in the Mario series , after Super Mario 64 , Super Mario Sunshine , and Super Mario Galaxy .
These dimensions are much smaller than the diameter of the particle itself -LRB- core + electronic cloud -RRB- , by a factor of about 23,000 -LRB- U -RRB- to about 145,000 -LRB- H -RRB- .
Since then the antiparticle of many other subatomic particles have been created in particle gas experiments .
mood -LRB- 3 -RRB-
To the surprise of the men garrison in the Alamo , on February 23 , a Mexican army , led by General Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna , arrived .
When Neoptolemus died , Andromache married Helenus and became Queen of Epirus .
Culturally , other beat are sometimes called lentils but are actually beans or peas , e.g. `` black lentils '' -LRB- urad beans -RRB- .
Five of them were taken as human shield , and the rest of the twelve were killed , each in a different location .
He is best known for his work in Extreme Championship Wrestling and World Wrestling Entertainment and currently works for Total day-and-night Action Wrestling as a road agent .
The book presents the author 's complex account of what it is like to die .
In the 19th century , Arbon developed into an economic and manufacturing center .
A number of fable have twin in non-canonical Gospel , the Didache , and the letters of papal Fathers .
This is usually identified as the dominate of March 13 , 4 BC .
The car had been spray in pass black ground and was basically complete except for the hood , the tachometer , the television , the fur line , the long-missing nose and the bubble top , believed destroyed in the early 1970s when it became stuck and trapped the car 's then-owner .
It is not long before the player see that a toy found buried in a park was made at one of Cruella de Vil 's toy factory ; this touch to the fact that Cruella 's toy sales are down , which ultimately leads to the problem in the storyline .
h3 Na5 -RRB- and the Chigorin Defense to the Queen 's ploy -LRB- 1 .
The FBA and FBC engines engines were found in the Ford Granada and Ford Scorpion Ultima .
The town is almost completely surrounded by mountains of the Liverpool Range , and is located on the Pages River , a contributing of the Hunter River .
The pursuit of â fiscal rectitudeâ in order to reduce a high national debt required a strong control of public spending than Labor found easy to accept .
It was released on both VHS and DVD by Walt Disney Home Video on September 3 , 2002 .
The Sierra Leone national football team , nickname the Leone Stars , is the national team of Sierra Leone and is controlled by the Sierra Leone Football Association .
Oates alleged that there existed an extensive Catholic conspiracy to assassinate Charles II , charge that led to the execution of at least 15 men and fall the exception Bill Crisis .
The definition of `` too close '' in this context is order by common sense .
Speed mod can increase or decrease the speed the arrow travel up the screen -LRB- sometimes making the arrow easier to read -RRB- . changer can also make the arrow more difficult to read , by adding effects such as the arrow only appearing when they reach halfway through the screen -LRB- or only appearing until halfway -RRB- , hiding the arrow or the step zone altogether , making them rapidly speed as they reach the arrow , or travel up the screen in a `` wave '' .
Voyager 1 is still the utmost man made object in the universe from Earth .
He married model and actress Brigitte Nielsen , on December 15 , 1985 , in Beverly Hills , California .
During the 14th century Ormanno Tedici was one of the Lords of the city .
Supported by all the left-wing parties , he obtained a good result and faced De Gaulle in an unexpected second ballot , becoming the leader of the non-Communist left .
Electronic feedback loop take two forms : negative feedback loop and positive feedback loop .
It was the then colony 's capital until 1753 and has been the national capital continuously since 1852 .
On February 2 , 2011 , Josh Farro confirmed the name of his new band , Novel American .
Trading posts were also places for people to meet and exchange the news of the world or simply the news from their home country -LRB- many of the world 's trading posts were located in places which were popular goal for out-migration -RRB- in a time when not even newspapers existed .
Weber State University is a public university located in the city of Ogden in Weber County , Utah , USA .
Egoyan 's films often follow non-linear plot-structures , in which events are placed out of sequence in order to fire specific emotional reactions from the audience by withholding key information .
KCMU DJ Jonathan Poneman was impressed after seeing Soundgarden perform one night , later saying , `` I saw this band that was everything rock music should be . ''
, he recommend control in the number that had to be killed for consumption , protected some of them , and in general sentence violent acts against animals , such as castration .
By 30 March 2008 , more than 15 world records had been set there , including Chris Boardman 's 1996 and 2000 hour records and the 4000 time team pursuit record set by the Great Britain men 's team at the 2008 World Championships .
Oblast is a type of administrative division in Slavic countries , including some countries of the former Soviet Union .
Tl -LRB- I -RRB- sulfate is soluble in water and its toxic effects are derived from the Tl -LRB- I -RRB- cation . Since Tl sulfate is a simple powder with indistinctive properties , it can easily be mistake for more innocent chemicals .
It was the search for Burke and will that led to the opening up of the country for the pastoral industry .
Mickey Mouse , Donald Duck and silly were marked to make an appearance , but were replaced with Huey , Dewey , and Louie .
Construction get in December 2005 and was largely complete by August 2006 .
In this route can be found two rural spread , `` Oro Blanco '' and `` El Bronce '' .
Under the APG definition some well-known members of Gentianales are coffee , gardenia , and frangipani .
He brought Jehoahaz back to Egypt as his prisoner , where Jehoahaz ended his days .
He studied organ and theory at the University of Durham , receiving the Bachelor of Music in 1894 , and the Doctor of Music in 1901 .
The roman used both fixed and floating water wheels and introduced water power to other provinces of the Roman Empire .
come is have for strength and is considered in the same line as mothers ' milk .
It was too late to reason ; Vitellius ' general had half of his army heading to Italy .
On September 29 , Olaf made landfall near Salina Cruz , Oaxaca .
One day he asks if she had any such experience .
In addition , various groups that generate support for athletic teams , including cheerleader and march bands , wear uniform with the colors of their school .
In higher plants , most of a cell 's volume is taken up by a central vacuole , which primarily keep its osmotic pressure .
He became involved with poverty reduction after find the shortage of 1974 , and established a rural economic program as a research project .
Richlawn is a city in eastern Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
On March 8 , 2010 , Impact !
As this is the only stage during which the worm is sexually mature and , if it is a fly species , has functional wings , the imago is often referred to as the adult stage .
In `` The Spirit World -LRB- Winter Solstice , Part 1 -RRB- '' , Aang gets into a fight with an angry spirit who is destroying a village ; instead of fighting the spirit , Aang negotiate .
A study by Knutsson et al . in 1986 found that shift workers who had worked in that method for 15 years or more were 300 % more likely to develop ischemic heart disease .
In 1968 he founded the Steinitz bachelor Players , a group of professional players who shared Steinitzâ s ideal of authentic performance .
Throwing the hurley -LRB- e.g. to block a ball going high over one 's head -RRB- is illegal , though camogie players may drop it to make a handpass .
In 1828 , Coenraad Johannes van Houten developed the first chocolate powder producing machine in the Netherlands .
Athelm and his nephew Saint Dunstan both became archbishop of Canterbury .
In mathematics , the Pythagorean theorem or Pythagoras ' theorem is a relation in Euclidean geometry among the three sides of a right triangle -LRB- right-angled triangle -RRB- .
The gag speed is 74.7 m\/s -LRB- M-406 grenade -RRB- .
The album was certified 4 Ã -- Platinum by RIAA , and remains as Urban 's best-selling album to date , with sales of 3,639,000 copies in the United States , as of July , 2009 ; it also reached # 8 on the Canadian album chart , # 1 on the Billboard Hot Country Albums chart and # 3 on the Billboard 200 .
Holm was born Ian Holm Cuthbert in Goodmayes , then in Essex now in London , to Scottish parents , Jean Wilson Holm and James Harvey Cuthbert .
His other command responsibilities in the China Myanmar India Theater were divided up and allocated to other officers .
The Monteith House was considered the finest house in Oregon at the time .
Linspire was published by Linspire , Inc. and focused on ease-of-use , place home PC users .
Two-time National Football League MVP , three-time Super Bowl player Kurt Warner once stock table at a Hy-Vee store in Cedar Falls , Iowa .
It is named in honor of Sir David Attenborough , the high naturalist .
The voltage output of a voltage partition is not fixed but change according to the load .
Thus almost all new cars now come with at least two airbags as standard .
The 100th Grand Prix winner was Heikki Kovalainen at the 2008 Hungarian Grand Prix .
Anti-nuclear critics see nuclear power as a dangerous , expensive way to boil water to generate electricity .
In 1996 he married Romanian treble Angela Gheorghiu .
Takenori Hayashi is a Japanese football player who currently plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba .
The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences awards the Nobel Prize in Physics , the Nobel Prize in Chemistry , and the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences .
Melina insult Mysterio and had Mercury and Nitro attack him , leading to MNM 's in-ring debut the next week on SmackDown !
If an asymmetric key nothing with the public\/private key property , both will need the other 's public key .
Buildings of interest include the Hungen Castle , the Evangelical Church , parts of the medieval city wall and the Hauptbahnhof -LRB- main railroad station -RRB- .
In 1497 , he and his followers carried out the Bonfire of the self-love . They sent boys from door to door collecting items associated with moral laxity : mirror , cosmetic , obscene pictures , ethnic books , base grave -LRB- which he wanted to be replaced by statue of the saints and modest picture of biblical scenes -RRB- , gaming tables , cheat pieces , lute and other musical instruments , fine dresses , womenâ s hats , and the works of base and ancient poet , and burnt them all in a large pile in the place della Signoria of Florence .
The Wild is a 2006 computer-animated film directed by Steve `` Spaz '' Williams , produced by Clint Goldman , assistant produced by Jim Burton and C.O.R.E. Feature Animation , and was released by Walt Disney Pictures on April 14 , 2006 , in the United States .
Three round show the life of Jesus , the life of Mary , and the history of Saint Apollinaris , legendary Bishop of Ravenna .
An event on July 6 , 1944 jump Robinson 's military career .
Patrick John Hillery , more popularly known as Mickey Hillery , was born in Spanish Point , Miltown Malbay , County Clare in 1923 .
The convention was developed and adopted by participating nations at a meeting in Ramsar on February 2 , 1971 , and came into force on December 21 , 1975 .
For the specific meaning , see : category : executive branches of government .
This insight drove national public health bodies to make it possible to collect health data across do and hospitals , a process that many countries do today .
Its feeder drain a large region including the side of Mount rainy , Mount Adams , and Mount St. Helen .
The offer was first made by British Colonial Secretary Joseph Chamberlain to Theodore Herzl 's Zionist group in 1903 .
He developed progressive deformity in his hands and ankylosis of his right shoulder , requiring him to adjust his painting technique .
He soon joined the British South Africa Company as a watch and headed north .
The minute South China Sea Islands , collectively an archipelago , number in the hundreds .
The name is western Greenlandic and means '' -LRB- the -RRB- white -LRB- one -RRB- '' .
BÃ doin is a communicate in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeast France .
The first archbishop of the era was Gebhard , who during the investment Controversy remained on the side of the Pope .
One of the prizes is the use of one of the Gofriller cello owned by Casals .
On April 8 , 2007 , The Lightning Thief was ranked ninth on The New York Times Best Seller list for children 's books .
In a specification chart or when an abbreviation is used , an inline-four engine is listed either as I4 or L4 -LRB- for longitudinal , to avoid confusion between the figure 1 and the letter I -RRB- .
Kauniainen is a small town and a municipality of inhabitants in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area , Finland . It is surrounded by the city of Espoo , in Greater Helsinki .
`` Dig It '' is a song by The Beatles featured on their album Let It Be .
Alexander was struck by his spirit .
The IndyCar Series name was officially adopted beginning in 2003 , as the series was now legally entitled to use it .
It does best in bright , indirect lighting and temperatures from 15 t.
Lenard Duane Moore -LRB- born February 13 , 1958 -RRB- in Jacksonville , North Carolina .
Argences is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in north-western France .
Although the current meaning of the word is believed to have start in Iran , its use has spread and now has been accepted into the common in countries around the world .
Karl Blodig was the first person to climb all the major four-thousand time top , circa 1900 .
A Wild Weasel is an aircraft -LRB- usually United States Air Force -RRB- specially equipped with radar seeking missile , and tax with destroying the radar and SAM facility of enemy air defense systems .
Albany has a total of 4 historic districts throughout the city including the Albany Municipal Airport , Monteith Historic District , Hackleman Historic District , and the Albany Downtown Commercial Historic District .
Several songs credit to Lennon\/McCartney were originally released not by The Beatles but by other artists , especially those managed by Brian Epstein .
General American -LRB- GA -RRB- , also known as Standard American English -LRB- SAE -RRB- , is a major accent of American English . The accent is not restricted to the United States .
Le HÃ rie-la-Vi Ã ville is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In the builder , McLaren led with 118 points with Ferrari second with 100 .
Some sources also list a genus Hypogeomys , with one species , but this genus name is normally used for the Malagasy Giant Rat , which belongs to the family Nesomyidae .
Bannes is a communicate in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
As technology increased and demand for the resources remained high , get far top the sustainable limit for giant stocks .
Manson noted of the latter song that '' -LRB- it -RRB- is far more lower than anything I could have ever written . ''
The US Air Force and US Navy used napalm with great effect against all kinds of targets to include troops , tanks , buildings and even railroad tunnel .
Users of 2channel in particular have developed a wide variety of unique emoticons using dark characters .
It is not known whether the Italian inventor was influenced by the earlier design , but he may have learned about the idea through the intensive oral communication among artist-engineers of the time .
Many of these are native of the city ; others traveled to Dunedin to be educated at the University of Otago .
sleeping mud vent stand like tower of mud in many other areas .
... Grameen has created a new class of women entrepreneur who have raised themselves from poverty .
In New Jersey , northeast onshore flow associated with the end of Barry produced high tide and minor coastal flood .
Rafael Augusto SÃ Bi do Nascimento -LRB- born 17 June 1985 in Erechim , Rio Grande do Sul -RRB- , commonly known as Rafael SÃ Bi , is a Brazilian footballer of Ukrainian line , who plays for Internacional .
By 2003 the city had approved a plan to re-start the four megawatt-hour hydroelectric plant and in February 2009 the plant opened again .
The eye symbol represents the set around a mobile Falcon 's eye that includes the `` tear '' set sometimes found below the eye .
Baxter is a city in Jasper County , Iowa , United States .
Male lord-lieutenants receive an margin for the ceremony uniform , worn when receiving members of the royal family and on other formal occasions .
elaborate the complications is the reality that , eventually , several multiple nerdisms are implemented .
Geronimo -LRB- Chiricahua : GoyaaÅ Ã , `` one who yawn '' ; often write Goyathlay or Goyahkla in English -RRB- -LRB- June 16 , 1829 -- February 17 , 1909 -RRB- was a prominent Native American leader of the Chiricahua Apache who fought against Mexico and the United States for their expansion into Apache tribal lands for several decades during the Apache Wars .
Vesancy is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
Daxter takes place right after jack and Daxter go through the warp gate , and are separated . An old man named Osmo offers Daxter a job eradicate Metal Bugs .
The Missouri Compromise was an agreement passed in 1820 between the pro-slavery and anti-slavery faction in the United States Congress , involving primarily the regulation of slavery in the western territories .
She accidentally wake a image of Talos , a giant man of bronze , and dies after successfully destroying it .
The family lived in the area known as the `` Coal bob '' , an immigrant enclave near the bob in Fort William .
Alfred Nijhuis -LRB- born March 23 , 1966 in Utrecht , Netherlands -RRB- is a former Dutch football player .
At least 5,930 people were believed to have been killed on the Nicobar and Andaman Islands during the disaster .
It is believed to help white teeth .
Another 14th century Andalusian-Arabian physician , Ibn al-Khatib -LRB- 1313 â `` 1374 -RRB- , wrote a treatise called On the harry , in which he stated how infectious disease can be air through bodily contact and `` through dress , vessels and earrings . ''
The small blind is posted by the player to the left of the dealer and is usually equal to half of the big blind . The big blind , posted by the player to the left of the small blind , is equal to the minimum bet .
A opposite low is a small-scale , short-lived atmospheric low pressure system -LRB- depression -RRB- that is found over the ocean areas poleward of the main opposite front in both the Northern and Southern hemisphere .
Between 1555 and 1562 , over 100 ministers were sent to France .
Sicard invited Gallaudet to Paris to study the school 's method of teaching the deaf using manual communication .
In the verdict , Charter 08 was named as part of the evidence supporting his conviction .
By 1997 , he had enter permanent members ; this line-up , which lie of Townsend on song and guitar , Jed Simon on guitar , Byron Stroud on bass , and Gene Hoglan on beat , lasted until the band 's breakup .
The squad list includes only the principal nationality of each player ; several non-European players on the squad have dual citizenship with an EU country .
A wire is a single , usually cylindrical , flexible ground or rod of metal .
Mount Pleasant is a town in Green County , Wisconsin , in the United States .
The strike shut down the city for four days and then ended as it had begun â '' peacefully and with its goals still vague , unattained .
Mary Stuart or Mary of Orange , as she was also known , was the first daughter of a British independent to hold the title Princess Royal .
Be is the chemical element with the symbol Be and nuclear number 4 .
Another `` remarkably modern-looking '' planetary globe of the Earth was constructed by Taqi al-Din at the Istanbul observatory of Taqi al-Din during the 1570s .
Andernos-les-Bains is a communicate in the Gironde department in south-western France .
They are typically in the mid-section of the stadium , give the best views of the sporting event .
These products were made by adding food color to the traditional ketchup .
He was appointed a Companion of the Order of Australia in 2007 .
The Taiwan sound or Taiwan sound , formerly known as the Black chuck , is a 180-km-wide -LRB- 111.85-mile-wide -RRB- sound part Mainland China and Taiwan .
However even such a divergent beam can be transformed into a similarly parallel beam by means of a lens system , as is always included , for instance , in a laser arrow whose light start from a laser diode . That is possible due to the light being of a single spatial mode .
Because of this , some medical professionals advise the use of safe when performing or receiving fellatio with a partner whose dose status is unknown .
This is the support of guide : dec to frac .
John Bardeen -LRB- May 23 , 1908 â `` January 30 , 1991 -RRB- was an American physicist and electrical engineer , the only person to have won the Nobel Prize in Physics twice : first in 1956 with William Shockley and Walter Brattain for the invention of the transistor ; and again in 1972 with Leon Neil Cooper and John Robert Schrieffer for a fundamental theory of conventional superconductivity known as the BCS theory .
In April 1986 , Rainbow Brite became a regular series , as part of DIC 's weekly syndicate Kideo TV block ; eight new episodes were made for this run .
Please issue soft blocks on any bot coming from this address .
Mark Anthony `` Baz '' Luhrmann -LRB- Ë bÃ z Ë lÊ É rmÉ n ; born 17 September 1962 -RRB- is an Australian film director , screenwriter , and producer best known for The Red Curtain Trilogy , which includes his films Strictly Ballroom , William Shakespeare 's Romeo + Juliet and Moulin paint ! .
Incheon Pentaport Rock Festival is a rock festival , which is held annually in Incheon , South Korea for three days at the end of July .
Chad -LRB- ; , ' -RRB- , officially known as the Republic of Chad , is a landlocked country in central Africa .
Cameron 's wife Noble also star in the film series , playing Hattie Durham .
Prato is home to many museum and other cultural memorial , including the Filippo Lippi fresco in the Cathedral of Santo Stefano , recently restored .
Originally from Kashmir , Riaz settled in Lahore where he started his career as a journalist for newspaper Chataan and later joined Faiz Ahmed Faiz 's Lail-o-Nihar .
Apart from her normal duties as viceroy of South Africa and then Canada , she attended the coronation of four sovereign : Edward 7 , George V , George VI , and Elizabeth II .
The Hart 420R owe much to the BDA series , being essentially an aluminium-block differential using similar heads .
The Soviet period produced a large number of modern MArch contain both Russian themes and structure reminiscent of Dutch MArch .
The bus transport service covers the entire city and also go its operations outside city limits into neighbor Navi Mumbai , Thane and Mira-Bhayandar .
Though outnumbered , Henry 's Lancastrian forces decisively defeated Richard 's Yorkist army at the Battle of Bosworth Field on 22 August 1485 .
Bonfol is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the quarter of Jura in Switzerland .
Akinori Nishizawa is a Japanese former footballer .
Along with several reunion of former tag teams and also included a 15-man `` 15 Years of Raw '' battle royal .
Following his retirement as an athlete , Edwards has worked as an sport observer and sponsor for BBC television .
The film expanded its release on the second weekend to 2,566 screens , where it took in an additional $ 29 million .
The Etruscan language was spoken and written by the people responsible for Etruscan civilization in what is now present-day Italy , in the ancient region of Etruria -LRB- modern Tuscany plus western Umbria and northern Lazio -RRB- and in parts of Lombardy , Veneto , and Emilia-Romagna -LRB- where the Etruscan were can by frog -RRB- .
The Swiss Grand Prix returned in 1975 as a non-Championship Grand Prix just across the border , at the Dijon-Prenois circuit , France .
Primary response can take 2 days and up to 2 weeks to develop .
In 1997 limp became a part of the GNU Project , and the acronym limp was changed to the GNU Image use Program .
Staunton produced over 1,400 weekly articles for the Illustrated London News .
The system turned to the north-northeast on August 18 , while heavy bands of thunderstorms continued to rotate around the center of Erin .
As of 1978 , more than a 60 % of the population of CÃ huil lived around the salt production , production not related to industrial enterprises .
In July 1991 , after deciding to take a few years ' sabbatical from Pee-wee , Reuben was arrested for indecent exposure in an adult theater in Sarasota , Florida . The arrest set off a chain reaction of national media attention that changed the general public 's view of Reuben and Pee-wee .
During the short-lived Xin Dynasty , the city was renamed `` Constant Peace '' ; yet after its fall in AD 23 , the old name was restored .
Microsoft recommend this approach for web developers seeking to test their pages in the different versions of i.e. as the standalone versions are unsupported and may not work the same way as a properly installed copy of i.e. .
Its county seat is Purcell .
Rabat -LRB- Arabic Ø Ù Ø Ø Ø Ø , transcribe ar-Rab Ä á or ar-Rib Ä á , literally `` arm Place '' -RRB- , is the capital and third largest city of the Kingdom of Morocco with a population of approximately 650,000 -LRB- 2010 -RRB- .
However , the DÃ il Constitution passed by the DÃ il in 1919 made clear that the PrÃ omh Aire -LRB- or President of DÃ il Ã ireann as it came to be called -RRB- was merely prime minister - the real translation of PrÃ omh Aire - not a full head of state .
He eventually became a member of the ringcrew and was promoted to reader in the NWA 's Jim Crockett promotion in 1985 as shift Long .
It is also increasingly difficult in some countries to place photo processor who will process slide film . .
Sir Alexander Chapman `` Alex '' Ferguson , CBE , popularly known as Sir Alex or Fergie -LRB- born 31 December 1941 in Govan , Glasgow -RRB- is a Scottish football manager and former player , currently managing Manchester United , where he has been in charge since 1986 .
The Anahim Volcanic Belt is a 600 k long volcanic belt , load from just north of Vancouver Island to near Quesnel , British Columbia , Canada .
Professional & semi professional sports teams include : Leicester Tigers -LRB- rugby union -RRB- , Leicester City -LRB- football -RRB- , Leicester Coritanian A.C. -LRB- sport -RRB- , and the Leicester County Cricket Club .
Bobby Dodd collect a 165 -- 64 -- 8 record as head coach at Georgia Tech .
Despite efforts to keep the compact from finding Earth , a compact fleet see humanity 's homeworld during ring 2 . By the beginning of ring 3 , the compact have arrived in full force on Earth , with most human resistance crushed .
Elimelech dies , and the sons marry two Moabite women : Mahlon tie Ruth and Chilion tie Orpah .
He set down his experiences in Kriegsgefangen Erlebtes 1870 -LRB- 1871 -RRB- and published his observations on the campaign in Der Krieg gegen Frankreich 1870-71 -LRB- 1874-1876 -RRB- .
Hercules : The Legendary travel is an action adventure video game with beat 'em up elements that was released on the Nintendo 64 and Game Boy Color , developed by Player 1 and published by Titus Software , based on the television series .
Beginning in 2009 the series became the Camping World Truck Series .
Nicotine is the habit-forming drug in tobacco products .
soon the school is known as Senior Secondary School , Rhenock .
Douglas Southern Electric tram was a standard gauge tram which ran from the top of Douglas Head on the Isle of Man to the nearby resort of Port Soderick atop the drop via a number of spectacular viaduct and bridges .
`` Constitutional Economics I , '' pp .
He is also a regular in the Scottish national team . Brown started his professional career with Hibernian and won the 2007 Scottish League Cup , which was Hibs first major trophy win in 16 years .
Bindi Sue Irwin -LRB- born 24 July 1998 in Buderim , Queensland , Australia -RRB- is the daughter of Terri Irwin and Steve Irwin and has a younger brother Robert -LRB- Bob -RRB- Clarence Irwin .
The Forum also hosted ArenaBowl 12 -LRB- 1998 -RRB- and ArenaBowl 17 -LRB- 2003 -RRB- and the 2007 ACC Men 's Basketball Tournament .
Lightning Bar died in June 1960 from colitis-X , a disease of unknown origin that can kill rapidly and without warning .
Manson , for his part , has vehemently denied this and stated to MTV News at the American Music Awards on January 8 , 2001 , `` People will put into it what they want if it helps them sell newspapers or helps them write a headline .
While the song was very popular in the United States , even managing to hit number 26 on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay , the lack of a commercial single prevented the song from chart on the Billboard Hot 100 .
By most accounts , the instrument was nearly impossible to control .
He is also currently developing XanaduSpace - a system for the exploration of connected parallel documents -LRB- an early version of this software may be freely download from .
Arthur 's younger brother and next in line for the throne was Henry 8 .
The group originally came together in 1945 as the Moscow conservatory 4 with Mstislav Rostropovich on cello , Rostislav Dubinsky and Nina Barshai on first and second violin and Rudolf Barshai on viola , all members of a class taken by Mikhail Terian , the viola player of the Comitas 4 .
Some species in Africa and Australia are able to turn black after a shed following a fire in the region to go in with the fire waste landscape -LRB- fire melanism -RRB- .
Kinshasa -LRB- formerly , and Dutch : -RRB- is the capital and largest city of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Another key difference between art games and game art is that art games are artistic world from the first whereas game art pieces use non-art games as the artistic medium . Thus the `` game '' portion of `` game art '' is merely the means to an artistic end .
According to the 2008 Forbes Global 2000 list , AIG was once the 18th-largest public company in the world .
This emperor is traditionally fear at a memorial Shinto shrine -LRB- misasagi -RRB- at Nara .
Also , all kinds of PC game ports suffer from electrical noise .
The group gives Wales full access to Special : UserRights .
The band renamed themselves `` Coldplay '' in 1998 , before recording and releasing three EPs ; Safety in 1998 , Brothers & Sisters as a single in 1999 and The Blue Room in the same year .
It probably fed on insects and other smaller animals found on the floor of its forest home .
Pont-de-Labeaume is a communicate in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
About 12.20 % of families and 14.80 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 20.70 % of those under age 18 and 14.00 % of those age 65 or over .
When Moore asked what he would have said to the students at Columbine , he replied , `` I would n't say a single word .
He went on to win the Royal Medal of the Royal Society in 1971 and the Copley Medal in 1979 .
The wind is often hidden by off-guard on one or both sides .
The theriodonts -LRB- eutheriodonts -RRB- are one of the two synapsid survivors of the great Permianâ `` Triassic extinction event , the other being the dicynodonts .
Waterson took the Labor whip in Parliament .
Plant virus tend to have single-stranded RNA genome and phage tend to have double-stranded DNA genome .
The population was 10,894 at the 2000 census .
Ba hydroxide presents the same chance as other strong bases and as other water-soluble Ba compound : it is corrosive and toxic .
His notable performances include that of Atticus Finch in the 1962 film To Kill a Mockingbird , for which he won his Academy Award .
They held that both the Bible and Christian tradition taught that alcohol is a gift from God that makes life more joyous , but that excess leading to drink is a sin .
Burbridge 's front regiment easily pushed back Witcher 's small regiment , who stopped just so they could fire a burst into the Union horse .
Ã bouleau is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
GrÃ 1\/4 nwald -LRB- German for green forest -RRB- is a municipality in the district of Munich , in Bavaria , Germany .
Ueno Park was established through an imperial land grant to the city of Tokyo by Emperor TaishÅ in 1924 .
Hitler for his part , remained diamond that Hindenburg give him the Chancellorship and nothing else .
Protective boots allow Duke to cross dangerously hot or toxic terrain .
This is particularly common in the technology sector .
The march was start by A. Philip Randolph , the president of the union of Sleeping Car Porter , president of the Black American Labor Council , and vice president of the AFL-CIO .
therefore , after delete the remaining dates of their Rock Is Dead Tour , the band retreat from public view .
Subsequent comments should be made on the appropriate discussion page -LRB- such as the talk page of either this nomination or the nominated user -RRB- .
Additionally , pace was also Mozambique 's first full color magazine .
There are several bodega -LRB- winery -RRB- in the town center , all of which can be visited by the public .
In 1661 it was grant to the English crown , as part of the portion of the infanta Catherine of Braganza on her marriage with Charles II of England .
This song like many others on the album , were inspired by Ray Kurzweil 's book The Age of Spiritual Machines . According to Raine , it was written as more of a return to Kurzweil 's prediction which Raine noticed did n't involve the human spirit as a factor . '' . .
The term `` time machine '' , strike by Wells , is now universally used to refer to such a vehicle .
It was incorporated on January 28 , 1859 .
The first recorded European navigation of the sound was by Luis VÃ ez de Torres , a Spanish pilot who was second-in-command on the Spanish expedition led by Pedro Fernandez de QuirÃ s who sail from Peru to the South Pacific in 1605 .
Titles of individual movements touch to works by Hartmann ; Mussorgsky used Hartmann as a working title during the work 's composition .
That album attracted the attention of Epic Records , who signed the band in 1989 and issued their highly successful self-titled third album a year later , which peak at number 128 on the Billboard 200 , and featured their well-known hit singles `` Ball and Chain '' , `` Story of My Life '' and the cover of Johnny Cash 's `` Ring of Fire . ''
He later wrote VÃ rldarnas utveckling -LRB- 1906 -RRB- , German translation : DA Werden der Welten -LRB- 1907 -RRB- , English translation : Worlds in the Making -LRB- 1908 -RRB- directed at a general audience , where he suggested that the human discharge of CO2 would be strong enough to prevent the world from entering a new ice age , and that a strong earth would be needed to feed the rapidly increasing population : : `` To a certain extent the temperature of the earth 's surface , as we shall soon see , is check by the properties of the atmosphere surrounding it , and particularly by the permeability of the latter for the rays of heat . ''
Perlis -LRB- Jawi ï ï Ù Ù Ø -RRB- , is the smallest state in Malaysia . It lies at the northern part of the west coast of Peninsular Malaysia and has Satun and Songkhla Provinces of Thailand on its northern border .
U.S Geographic Database
AntÃ nio Bento do Santos -LRB- born 18 December 1971 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Richard Strauss conducted the orchestra in 1912 .
Before 1905 some Zionist leaders took seriously proposals for Jewish homeland in places other than Palestine .
Founded in 1876 , Prairie View A&M University is the second oldest state-sponsored institution of higher education in Texas .
Following two summer of friendship with Dill , watch and Jem find that someone is leaving them small gifts in a tree outside the Radley place .
It was established as a second title for tag teams in WWE in 2002 to complement the original World Tag Team Championship .
In a New York Times interview in April 1969 , Alden Whitman asked writer Vladimir Nabokov : `` How do you rank yourself among writers -LRB- living -RRB- and of the immediate past ? ''
The college offers security and associates degrees and has many transfer and dual registration programs with OSU -LRB- through a degree partnership program -RRB- come over 60 programs of study .
However the Mayor did not have power in this area at the time as the Underground operated independently of Transport for London .
There also exist planets that orbit brown shadow and free floating planets that orbit the galaxy directly just as the stars do - it is ill-defined if either type should be mark as a `` planet '' .
Tyson jumped into the ring to make a quick three count and the new champion celebrated by sky the enforcer an Austin 3:16 t-shirt .
It is found in Bolivia , Colombia , Costa Rica , Ecuador , Panama , and Peru .
He and two colleagues discovered Neptune 's ring system in 1968 .
Elena Vladimirovna Pitjeva is a Russian astronomer working at the Institute of Applied Astronomy , Russian Academy of Sciences , St. Petersburg .
Punk rock has distinguished itself from other non-mainstream genre by self-asserting an active anti-mainstream social movement that stand commerce and corporate control .
It helps to prevent oil separation by steady the emulsion , although it is not an emulsifier .
Southampton Corporation tram were in operation from 1879 to 1949 .
Even in later years he was still deadly on a pool table , running 111 balls three days after his 80th birthday .
Eleanor Kate `` Elly '' Jackson -LRB- born 8 March 1988 -RRB- is an English singer-songwriter and the lead singer of the electropop duo La Roux .
The first proper European bill were issued by Stockholm Banco , a herald of the Bank of Sweden , in 1660 , although the bank ran out of coins to save its notes in 1664 and end operating in that year .
Serving both developed and developing countries , FAO acts as a neutral forum where all nations meet as be to negotiate agreements and debate policy .
The people of Kiribati speak an Oceanic language called `` Gilbertese '' .
He was a supporter of the great Spanish queen , Isabel I of Castile , and actively participated on her side in the civil war that broke out against her half-brother , Enrique IV , when the latter attempted to make his daughter , Juana , crown princess .
Pungmul is a Korean folk music tradition that includes beat , dancing , and singing .
The city was an important landing and fueling place for early long distance plane flights between Europe and Australia in the early twentieth century .
Unlike most other weight , 60 degree V6 engines can be made so-so smooth without the need for balance shot .
A possum -LRB- plural form : possum -RRB- is any of about 69 small to medium-sized tree-living marsupial species native to Australia , New Guinea , and Sulawesi -LRB- and introduced to New Zealand and China -RRB- .
Many oboist double on the cor anglais , just as flutist double on the piccolo .
Although editors who consistently engage in troubled editing are troubled editors , and editors who consistently vandalize are vandals , there is still a requirement for editors to be reasonably civil to each other .
Oriana Fallaci -LRB- 29 June 1929 â `` 15 September 2006 -RRB- was an Italian journalist , author , and political interviewer .
A further sentence game developed by id Software on their new id Tech 5 game engine , sentence 4 , was announced in May 2008 , although the game is not going to continue the story of sentence 3 .
6.36 % of the population were Hispanic or Hispanic of any race .
It is the second smallest Brazilian city in territorial extension , with only 3.640 kmÂ .
... on the port bow grow , standing stark , cut out on the background of cloud , a tall opaque mass , vertical , right-angled , a tower of the abyss .
As Lear explains , Potter titled the The Tale of Peter Rabbit and Mr. McGregor 's Garden and sent it to publishers , but `` her ms was returned ... including Frederick Warne & Co. ... who nearly a decade earlier had shown some interest in her artwork .
However , it did knock some aspects of the book describing the prose as `` jerky and attitude-filled '' and complaining that '' -LRB- t -RRB- he characters are n't emotionally involving '' .
Medhat Pasha Souq is also a main market in Damascus and was named after Medhat Pasha , the Ottoman governor of Syria who repair the Souk .
Although he died young , he became one of the pioneer of the Romantic movement .
In 2008 O'Reilly decided to avoid name Olbermann 's name on the air , and once cut off a company who mentioned Olbermann . O'Reilly has also led campaigns against MSNBC 's political coverage without ever specifically name Olbermann .
The Sanskrit language , whatever be its antiquity , is of a wonderful structure ; more perfect than the Greek , more rich than the Latin , and more fine down than either , yet bearing to both of them a stronger affinity , both in the roots of verb and in the forms of grammar , than could possibly have been produced by accident ; so strong , indeed , that no philologer could examine them all three , without believing them to have form from some common source , which , perhaps , no longer exists .
The city of Chicago , Illinois , had won the original bid to host the 1904 Summer Olympics , but the organizers of the Louisiana Purchase exhibition in St. Louis would not accept another international event in the same time frame .
Epp became a member of the German parliament , the Reichstag , for the NSDAP after leaving the BVP in 1928 , holding this position until 1945 .
In contrast , the others tried at the same assizes , who included the Pendle witch , were accused of maleficium - causing harm by witchcraft .
A worker at the Paris morgue was so taken by her beauty that he made a plaster cast of her face .
There is also the option of adding in two goals tower before the percentage by using and .
It was tall and run at a greater angle than the run Tower of Pisa .
The group gave its first performance as the Amadeus 4 at the Wigmore Hall in London on 10 January 1948 , cover by Imogen Holst .
Craigmont is a city in Lewis County , ID , United States .
Clinton , however , was not interested in most of Arnold 's aggressive ideas , but finally yield and authorized Arnold to raid the port of New London , Connecticut .
There is a memorial to the Royal Stuart designed by Antonio Canova in the basilica to their memory on one of the tower in the basilica proper .
Barris , by this time living in France , came back again in the mid-1980s . After a week-long trial of The Newlywed Game on ABC in 1984 -LRB- with Dating Game host Jim Lange -RRB- , Barris produced the daily Newlywed Game -LRB- titled The New Newlywed Game -RRB- in syndication from 1985 to 1989 , with original host Eubanks -LRB- and in 1988 , comic Paul Rodriguez -RRB- .
A pro-Ming Dynasty state , it was founded by Koxinga -LRB- also known as Zheng Chenggong -RRB- after the Ming government in mainland China was pass by the Manchu-ruled Ch'ing Dynasty .
GlÃ 1\/4 ck won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1993 for her collection The Wild flag .
Charizard first appears as a non-playable character in Super Smash Bros. and Super Smash Bros. .
St. Anthony is a city in and the county seat of Fremont County , ID , United States .
The ozone layer was discovered in 1913 by the French physicist Charles Fabry and Henri Buisson .
Lino Marzorati -LRB- born October 12 , 1986 in Rho , Province of Milan -RRB- is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Serie B club Empoli .
Grant Field was occasionally used as a site for Atlanta falcon games during the team 's early years when it was sharing Fulton County Stadium with the Atlanta weather of Major League Baseball and there were schedule conflicts .
starling have strong feet , their flight is strong and direct , and they are very gregarious .
Sometimes , if the fish is too heavy to lift , the eagle will be dragged into the water .
Super Mario World 2 : Yoshi 's Island , originally released as Super Mario : Yossy Island in Japan , is a platform video game developed and published by Nintendo for the SNES console .
As of the census of 2000 , there were 12,902 people , 4,695 households , and 3,305 families rest in the county .
GÃ 1\/4 n-th Herrmann -LRB- born 1 September 1939 in Trier , Germany -RRB- is a former German football player who was cap 9 times for the West German national team .
Talagang Tehsil is a section -LRB- tehsil -RRB- of Chakwal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
She was bought at auction in July 1792 , renamed Thomas and Nancy , and carried coal in the Thames area until 1806 .
On the other hand , Vladimir Kramnik thought that Lasker played quite well and the match was an `` even and fascinating fight '' until Lasker sin in the last game .
Throughout the region , storm warning and advisory were issued .
Following several poorly reviewed box office founder , Stallone started to find bump for his supporting role in the neo-noir crime drama Shade -LRB- 2003 -RRB- which was only released in a limited fashion but was praised by critics .
Saxon industrialists settled in Eilenburg for having duty-free access to the Prussian market .
This was cut in the early 17th century to allow entry for the Bishop 's cat to discourage vermin that were attracted to the animal fat used to lube the clock mechanism .
James Hilton -LRB- 9 September 1900-20 December 1954 -RRB- was an English novelist who wrote several best-sellers , including Lost Horizon and Goodbye , Mr. Chips .
He also was a consultant for private business .
The city returned to its previous name during the government of the `` free Revolution '' , and so did the club .
Varkala -LRB- Malayalam : à à à â à à à à -RRB- is a coastal town and municipality in Thiruvananthapuram district situated in the Indian state of Kerala .
Though the common wisdom is that a serf owned `` only his belly '' â '' even his clothes were the property , in law , of his lord â '' a serf might still collect personal property and wealth , and some serfs became loaded than their free neighbors , although this was rather an exception to the general rule .
`` I think you 've just had 80 years of western intervention into predominantly Arab lands because of the western need for oil .
He wanted the men and women who attended his college to be able to get jobs and `` raise the standard of living among their people '' .
The release dates for Goodbye Lullaby and its lead single were pushed back several times .
Trappist monastery , in particular , made extensive use of water wheels to power watermills of many kinds .
Once the eggs are laid , and construction of the hill is completed , she empty her nest .
Coahoma County was established February 9 , 1836 , and is located in the northwest part of the state in the rich Yazoo Delta region .
They are currently members of the West Division of the National Football Conference -LRB- NFC -RRB- in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- .
He has played for Japan national team .
Each team may select a captain , who has the `` sole privilege of discussing with the reader any questions relating to interpretation of rules which may grow during the progress of a game '' .
In comparison , the Murrayâ `` Darling river system , the most extensive in Australia , now supports only 27 native fish species .
Therefore , in , Young signed with the Cleveland spider , a team which had moved up from the American Association to the National League the previous year .
Old believer continue liturgical practices which the Russian Orthodox Church maintained before the implementation of these reforms .
However , since the 1980s , the state government has realized that tourism is a lucrative industry , and more money is being stream into the construction of tourist repair , and doctor colonial buildings in major cities .
Ross Liversidge of the UK Anime Network gave the first season a 9\/10 score , last that it is `` Everything Gundam should be - huge cast , lots of politics and big battles .
â The concept of exposure state the multidimensionality of disaster by focusing attention on the total of relationships in a given social situation which be a condition that , in combination with environmental forces , produces a disasterâ .
In 2006 , Murakami became the sixth receiver of the Franz Kafka Prize from the Czech Republic for his novel Umibe no Kafuka -LRB- Kafka on the Shore -RRB- .
Chaghi\/Chagai is the largest district of Pakistan and is located on the north west corner of Balochistan , Pakistan .
Around 1924 , he went to Harlem , a hotbed of jazz , living down the block from the Alhambra Theater .
La Chapelle-Th Ã m is a communicate in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Salvadore Cammarano wrote the Italian language libretto generally based upon Sir Walter Scott 's historical novel The Bride of Lammermoor . The opera premier on 26 September 1835 at the Teatro San Carlo in Naples .
The economy , however , bank mostly on agriculture , with large grove growing banana , cacao and coffee dust the landscape .
The original step of Datta are believed to be located on the lonely peak at Girnar .
The Romanian actor and comic Amza Pellea and Romanian actor and theater actor Marcel IureÅ were born here and Adriana Nechita-Olteanu .
The Korean Wikipedia is the Korean language edition of the Wikipedia .
It is known as The crossing of Ayrshire .
He was associated with what became known as the Frankfurt School of critical theory .
Ittifaq was the first non-communist party in Tatarstan .
Antarctica is a continent surrounding the Earth 's South Pole .
William Tecumseh Sherman -LRB- February 8 , 1820 â `` February 14 , 1891 -RRB- was an American soldier , businessman , educator and author .
Ida Grove is a city in Ida County , Iowa , United States .
Many critics have challenge the original source of the range Lake story .
Utsjoki is a municipality in Finland .
The KGB 's report dismissed various conspiracy theories , instead indicating that the actions of air base personnel contributed to the crash .
The fruit is oblong , egg-shaped , starts green and turns pink to fall red black as it age .
The IPO was founded by violinist BronisÅ aw Huberman in 1936 , at a time when many Jewish musicians were being fired from European orchestra .
The antiquity of the Finke River is not unique , but applies equally to other large mountain-sourced river systems in central Australia , e.g. the Todd and whole Rivers and many others , because most of the central Australian mountain belt formed at around the same time .
Whatever the veracity of such reports , it is extremely rare that a shark will feed on a pilot fish , and smaller pilot fish are frequently observed swimming into shark ' talk to clean away fragments of food from between their teeth .
column discussing the issue of smoking and its effects were published in newspapers .
It was Europe 's 8th busy airport in 2010 .
Early on the 8th , the depression tone to Tropical Storm Mike near the island of hole .
The current City Manager of Auburn is Charlie Duggan .
Cytoskeletal elements interact extensively and well with cellular membrane .
The word razakar , start from Iranian , literally means `` volunteer '' .
Martinsburg is a city in Keokuk County , Iowa , United States .
Pieces other than the instrument capture in the same way they move .
Uberfic is a variety of fan fiction in which the characters live in an alternative universe . The characters and events are true to the original canon but usually in a different time period , often as the root , descendants or rebirth of canon characters .
A contemporary of William Shakespeare , he is best known for his satirical plays , particularly Volpone , The Alchemist , and Bartholomew Fair , which are considered his best , and his words poems .
Hepburn was educated at the Oxford School -LRB- now Kingswood-Oxford School -RRB- in West Hartford , Connecticut , before going on to Bryn Mawr College .
There are currently 79 Districts .
His performance led him to win the Stockholm International Film Festival Best Actor Award .
`` Nyingma '' literally means `` ancient , '' and is often referred to as the `` school of the ancient version '' or the `` old school '' because it is founded on the first version of Buddhist Book from Sanskrit into Tibetan , in the eighth century .
The Battle of Pharsalus was a critical battle of Caesar 's Civil War .
This is a hormone produced by the body when virus are present .
It has a small lake in Pietroconti called Braccini lake .
It is also the official language of Assam .
CiarÃ n returned in hiding as a potter during the ceremory for Sorcha .
Papowo Biskupie -LRB- German : BischÃ flich Papau -RRB- is a village in CheÅ mno County , Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north-central Poland . It is the seat of the gmina -LRB- administrative district -RRB- called Gmina Papowo Biskupie .
In the following year he was appointed secretary to the government of Myanmar in the Ministry of Information .
Anne was born on 12 December 1574 at the castle of Skanderborg , on the Jutland Peninsula in the Kingdom of Denmark .
With filming due to begin in January 1958 , Presley had to get special permission to table his draft notice , which he had received in December 1957 , until after filming was complete .
Kilkenny Borough Council , Formerly Kilkenny Corporation used to have a independent and Council of Twelve , but these have since been replaced by a Mayor and councillor .
JosÃ Reinaldo de Lima , born on January 11 , 1957 , is a former Brazilian football player and striker , popularly known as Reinaldo or Rei -LRB- The King -RRB- .
Eure is a department in the north of France named after the river Eure .
Saint-Martin-de-Mailloc is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
Dujiangyan is home of the Dujiangyan Irrigation System , an ancient water recreation project which is still in use and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
Prominent amongst the participants were Sardar Gohar Rehman , Chaudhry Ghulam Abbass , Khwaja Ghulam Ahmad Ashai , Shaikh Yaqoob Ali Mistry , Sardar Fateh Muhammed Khan Karelavi , Sheikh Ghulam Qadir , and Sheikh Muhammad Abdullah .
This markup uses to generate the anchor identifier '' '' , used internally to link Harvard references to credit .
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a 1964 children 's book by British author Roald Dahl .
The Templar ' existence was tied closely to the cause ; when the Holy Land was lost , support for the Order pass .
Unexpected rain in qualifying led to a grid with Gerhard Berger on pole position with Pierluigi Martini second in the Minardi , Andrea de Cesaris third in the Dallara , Jean Alesi fourth in the Tyrrell , Ayrton Senna down in fifth and Nelson picket sixth .
The contestants were told that there were two resistance necklace on the beach : one for the first man and one for the first woman to claim them .
This is a list of basketball players who have played in the NBA for the Miami Heat .
The Brassicales are an order of flower plants , belonging to the eurosids II group of dicotyledons under the APG II system .
The American lobster , Homarus americanus , is one species of lobster found on the Atlantic coast of North America .
Austen 's game , though comic , highlight the way women depend on marriage to secure social standing and economic security .
For example , StarÄ eviÄ criticized socialism as `` unshaped '' and was delighted by the colonialism and claimed that `` Algeria should be densely live by a few million happy Frenchman and not to allow to have one hundred fifty thousand of them against two and half million of Arab '' .
Wallace duck capture by the English until 5 August 1305 when John de Menteith , a Scottish knight loyal to Edward , turned Wallace over to English soldiers at Robroyston near Glasgow .
Tim Hortons ' international presence includes outlets in the United States -LRB- including one opened in Detroit and owned by former NBA player Derrick Coleman -RRB- and one on a military base outside Kandahar , Afghanistan .
Group the guide in chronological order , with the newest -LRB- i.e. largest , when used -RRB- on top .
The unique design and engineering challenges of building Burj Khalifa have been featured in a number of television documentary , including the Big , Bigger , Biggest series on the National Geographic and Five channels , and the Mega builder series on the Discovery Channel .
Lead and background song were provided by Perry .
Sungai Besar is a coastal town in the district of Sabak Bernam in Selangor , Malaysia .
In the 19th century , the lightning rod became a decorative theme .
She was the elder sister of John Philip Kemble , Charles Kemble , Stephen Kemble , Ann Hatton and Elizabeth Whitlock , and the aunt of can Kemble .
The next year she won her first major tournament , the 2007 European Allround Speed Skating Championships in Collalbo , with an outdoor world record samalog score 162.954 points .
By the end of the century the petrel were thought to be out .
The Battle of the Seelow Heights , fought over four days from 16 April until 19 April , was one of the last sky battles of World War II : almost one million Red Army troops and more than 20,000 tanks and gun pieces were deployed to break through the `` Gates to Berlin '' which were defended by about 100,000 German soldiers and 1,200 tanks and guns .
Tl -LRB- III -RRB- hydroxide , Tl -LRB- OH -RRB- 3 , is a hydroxide of Tl .
One critic explains the novel 's impact by writing , `` In the twentieth century , To Kill a Mockingbird is probably the most widely read book dealing with race in America , and its friend , Atticus Finch , the most go fictional image of racial heroism . ''
The purpose of the Synod held in Dordrecht was to settle a controversy that had grow in the Dutch churches following the spread of Arminianism .
Tielt-Winge is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant .
so that it will appear in this way : : : \* Based upon the theories of some ancient religious scholars the world is indeed flat .
Beginning January 7 , 2007 , Gackt played the warlord Uesugi Kenshin in the NHK drama FÅ `` rin Kazan . His single `` Returner ~ Yami no ShÅ `` en ~ '' , was released on June 20 , 2007 , and was the first in his career -LRB- both solo and in a band -RRB- to reach the number one spot on the Japanese Oricon charts .
Francisco Javier `` Javi '' GarcÃ a FernÃ ndez -LRB- born 8 February 1987 in Mula , Murcia -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for S.L. Benfica in the Portuguese first division .
The green color of cloth was originally chosen to emulate the look of grass , and has been so colored since the 16th century .
In 1972 and 1973 , four subtropical force were named using the Phonetic ABC , while all other subtropical cyclone remained unknown .
In 1983 , she became the first woman of African-American line to be top Miss America , but a scandal caused her to free her title early .
The term means `` little war '' in Spanish , and the word , irregular , has been used to describe the concept since the 18th century , and perhaps earlier .
The bulk of the elements in the occasional table , those to the left of a stroke line drawn from B to Po , are metal .
Hurricane Ismael was a weak Pacific hurricane that killed over one hundred people in northern Mexico in September of the 1995 Pacific hurricane season .
transposon may have been co-opted by the vertebrate immune system as a means of producing antibody diversity : The V -LRB- D -RRB- J recombination system operates by a mechanism similar to that of transposon .
The local weekly newspapers in Salyersville include The Salyersville Independent and the Trading Post , mostly for advertising .
The Robert ice Ann Arbor home is now situated at The Henry Ford Museum in Dearborn , Michigan .
This regional parliament or legislature then chosen the premier and support the cabinet members .
The competition was then abolished to make way for a further expansion to the UEFA Champions League , with domestic cup winners now gaining entry into the UEFA Cup , later renamed as UEFA Europa League .
Abigail Powers Fillmore -LRB- March 13 , 1798 â `` March 30 , 1853 -RRB- , wife of Millard Fillmore , was First Lady of the United States from 1850 to 1853 .
Finn married Sharon Dawn Johnson , on 13 February 1982 .
The award is given annually for the best original full-length novel written by a woman in English ; Adichie 's prize included Â # 30 000 .
With the throne tightly secured , Vitellius engaged in a series of spread , spread -LRB- Suetonius refers to three a day : morning , afternoon and night -RRB- and triumphant march that drove the imperial treasury close to bankruptcy .
Ancient Brit were involved in extensive trade and cultural links with the rest of Europe from the Neolithic forward , especially in export tin , which was in abundant supply .
Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport in Atlanta recorded over 5 inches -LRB- 130 mm -RRB- of rain on July 6 , its sixth-highest one-day rain since records began in 1878 ; most of the rain fell during just two hours -LRB- 8 â `` 10 p.m. EDT -RRB- .
At the time of Morrell 's sail , the geography of the then unknown Weddell Sea and its surrounding coast was almost entirely unknown , making the claimed sight initially plausible .
Some sources say that Edward had verbally promised the throne to his cousin , William , the Duke of Normandy , but decided on his deathbed to give it to Harold . While Edward the Confessor had an English great-nephew who might have qualified as his replacement , he was deemed too young .
The Penske cars in the Indy Racing League -LRB- IRL -RRB- currently run in Marlboro 's distinctive red and white colors .
N is present in the environment in a wide variety of chemical forms including organic N , ammonium -LRB- NH4 + -RRB- , nitrite -LRB- NO2 - -RRB- , nitrate -LRB- NO3 - -RRB- , and N gas -LRB- N2 -RRB- .
He was known for his book burning , destruction of what he considered base art , and his perception of what he thought the Renaissance which began in his Florence and was at its beginningought to become .
Although still listed as a `` Tropical Storm '' by the weather service at the time , many laypeople in New Orleans were under the impression that Cindy was a hurricane , and referred to it as `` Hurricane Cindy '' before it was officially raise .
Cavendish crossed the line first and took the leader 's jersey .
While the general-purpose and floating-point show are discussed the most , flag and status show or even individual status bits are commonly renamed as well .
Jacintha and Eric read and wrote poetry and dream of becoming famous writers .
A document both liberal and monarchical , La Charte was the second trigger of the July Revolution .
He is the first and last Elite 90 Welterweight Champion . He is also the former Shooto Middleweight Champion and is the former Strikeforce Middleweight Champion .
Martha Dandridge Custis Washington -LRB- June 2 , 1731 -- May 22 , 1802 -RRB- was the wife of George Washington , the first president of the United States .
The two All-Star teams select representatives for each event , with points awarded to the winning team .
Watonga , Kingfisher and Geary were the hardest-hit communities , where many houses and buildings were flood .
Chantilly has some land area that is located in Loudoun County , Virginia .
Soon Perpignan became the capital of the counts of Roussillon .
While more pear are sold fresh in the U.S. than work , Bartlett pear are the primary choice for can half , strain , and most pear juice and nectar in the U.S. , be about two third of Bartlett production .
After these teams Check , a left winger , spent a season with the New York rover of the Eastern Amateur Hockey League .
As a political organization , the World Bank must meet the demands of donor and adopt governments , private capital markets , and other international organizations .
After Charles 8 of France occupy Florence in 1494 , the ruling Medici were reverse and Savonarola emerged as the new leader of the city , mix in himself the role of leader and priest .
Hyssop is used as a food plant by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including sugar Moth .
Balsthal is a municipality in the district of Thal in the quarter of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Hissrich returned to his role as producer for the final season .
In the case of glass objects such as windows or windshield , the purpose can also be transparency .
Matters were so heated between the two programs that , when both shows were in the Hampton Roads area on the same night -LRB- Raw in Hampton , Virginia , Nitro in Norfolk , Virginia -RRB- , DX was sent to film a `` war '' segment at the Norfolk Scope where they lecture WCW and interviewed fans on camera who stated that they received their Nitro tickets for free -LRB- presumably in an attempt by WCW to pack the arena to capacity due to low ticket sales -RRB- .
groupByDefault = true ; FriendlyConfig .
The Atari 5200 did not do well commercially , compared to its herald , the Atari 2600 . Among the criticism raised towards the initial version of the Atari 5200 is that it is fully inappropriate with the software library of the Atari 2600 .
`` Inversnaid '' is the title of a poem by Gerard Manley Hopkins .
Widdington is a village and a civil parish near Saffron Walden , in the Uttlesford district , in the county of Essex , England .
The development of the state is closely linked to the arrival of the immigrants .
The Gucci cars feature boldly clean green , red , and fan upholstery and on the door panels , as well as the designer 's emblem and outside color choice .
Tehanu is the fourth of Ursula K. Le Guin 's Earthsea books .
The storm continued inland and fast over northern Mexico on August 25 .
Wotan is standing on a rocky mountainside with BrÃ 1\/4 nnhilde , his Valkyrie daughter .
The Alps form a part of a third orogenic belt of mountain chains , called the Alpide belt , that reach through southern Europe and Asia from the Atlantic all the way to the Himalayas .
lady Jane Morris Goodall , DBE -LRB- born Valerie Jane Morris-Goodall on 3 April 1934 -RRB- , is a British primatologist , ethologist , anthropologist , and UN Messenger of Peace .
He has appeared in diverse roles since his first lead role in 1999 's October Sky , followed by the 2001 indie cult hit Donnie Darko , in which he played a psychologically pain teen and onscreen brother to his real-life sister , actress Maggie Gyllenhaal .
He has author two novels : `` The Creation from a loose '' -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , `` The Gardener of sentence '' -LRB- 2000 -RRB- and a number of an essay on medieval history and the Russian literature of 20th century .
Karl continued tone and became a 145 mph -LRB- 230 km\/h -RRB- Category 4 hurricane on September 21 .
It is named after Psamathe , one of the Nereids .
Bilzen is a Belgian city and municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg near Hasselt .
On 5 October 2008 , they reached number 70 on the national singles chart and number one on the UK Dance Chart again with their single `` Pieces '' featuring song by Plan B. In 2009 , they made number 45 with `` Against All Odds '' which featured UK rapper Kano .
Several times , Auricâ s work made it onto the hit parade , notably The Song from Moulin paint .
His older brother Akihiro , who retired in 2008 , was also a professional footballer .
About the return of Libby , Cuse stated , `` Finally , all of your questions -LRB- about Libby -RRB- will be answered '' , however , Lindelof tongue-in-cheek responded , `` No , they will not '' .
Heathrow Airport has a CAA Public Use airport license -LRB- Number P527 -RRB- that allows flights for the public transport of passengers or for flying instruction .
Fallin did not seek re-election in 2006 as lieutenant governor , but ran for the 5th Congressional District seat being empty by Ernest Istook , who ran for governor .
BookCrossing was also featured in a BBC Radio project broadcast as 84 Book Crossing Road , which involved releasing 84 copies of Helene Hanff 's book 84 coal Cross Road around the world .
Wah Chang responded in 1974 by shop a vote to contain the desired properties as Millersburg .
Silver compound are those chemical compound which contain silver .
It can be formed by direct reaction of the elements , either by burning Li metal in pure N gas or by respond N gas with Li resolve in liquid Na metal .
In the basic Watson-Crick DNA base couple , A -LRB- A -RRB- forms a base pair with T -LRB- T -RRB- and G -LRB- G -RRB- forms a base pair with C -LRB- C -RRB- .
In 2004 , the `` Charizard Medium lush '' was part of a major recall of 13 lush toys due to a manufacturing fault where tips of needle were being found with the stuff .
Music was provided by a host of local rock bands including Jefferson plane , The Grateful Dead and mercury Messenger Service , who had been basic of the Fillmore and the Avalon Ballroom since February 1966 , and ` underground chemist ' Owsley Stanley provided massive amounts of his `` White Lightning '' LSD , specially produced for the event , to the gathered people .
If correct , these figures make St. Tammany Parish the fastest-growing parish in the state , pass Livingston and rise .
Like most of Massive Attack 's albums , the music often hold classification , ranging from R&B -LRB- title track , tricky -RRB- to hip hop\/rap -LRB- Karmacoma , Eurochild -RRB- to reggae-tinged synthpop -LRB- spot Glass -RRB- to classical-influenced electronica instrumentals -LRB- Weather Storm , Heat Miser -RRB- .
No standard for pseudocode syntax exists , as a program in pseudocode is not an viable program .
Le Transloy is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
He was a contestant on The Ultimate Fighter 2 on ear TV .
Koninklijke Sport Vereniging Oudenaarde is a Belgian association football club based in Oudenaarde , East Flanders .
This county has a total area of 7,414 kmÂ .
It moved across the Florida head and the Gulf of Mexico , hitting near the mouth of the Rio Grande on August 18 .
He also said that `` Rise Against may be nervous about leaving the underground behind , but with sharp songs like these , they 're ready for the rest of the world . ''
JosÃ ThÃ odore -LRB- French pronunciation : , English : ; born September 13 , 1976 -RRB- is a French Canadian professional ice hockey goalkeeper currently playing for the Minnesota Wild of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Ù ' Ø Ù Ø Ø Ù , Al-Qal â at al - á amrÄ â , `` the red fort '' -RRB- , is a palace and fort complex constructed during the mid 14th century by the Moorish rule of the Emirate of Granada in Al-Andalus , take the top of the hill of the Assabica on the southeast border of the city of Granada in the independent Community of Andalusia .
The electronics , or the software driving the electronics then turns on pass in sequence , and drives sources for the pixel of each sink .
This feature allows the viewers to play a test .
Some modern scholars now make a distinction between the League and the South .
The rising and its wake were a major turning point in Jamaica 's history , and also generated a significant political debate in Britain .
Stand-up performances are usually short , where the comic tell a fast-paced sequence of humorous stories , short jokes -LRB- called `` bits '' -RRB- , and one-liners , which be what is typically called a monologue , routine or act .
Carlinville is named for Thomas Carlin , once Governor of Illinois , who as a member of the state legislature was instrumental in creating Macoupin County . Carlinville has long been a site of Illinois history , and has played host to many presidential hopeful via campaign stops at a time in American history when railway routes produced many visits by politicians .
This is a list of come minor planets in the solar system , in mathematical order .
In 1964 , the United States Congress authorized and requested the President to create the watching through an annual announcement .
Homosassa is a census-designated place -LRB- CDP -RRB- in Citrus County , Florida , United States .
Jon Bon Jovi -LRB- born John Francis Bongiovi , Jr. ; March 2 , 1962 -RRB- is an American musician , singer , songwriter , and actor , best known as the lead singer and founder of Bon Jovi .
Abu Ja ` far Muhammad ibn Jarir al-Tabari -LRB- ; Muá ammad b. Ç arÄ `` r aá - á abarÄ `` , ; AbÅ `` Ç aÊ far Muá ammad b. Ç arÄ `` r b. YazÄ `` d aá - á abarÄ `` -RRB- -LRB- 838 â `` 923 -RRB- 224 â `` 310H , was one of the earliest , most prominent and famous Iranian historian and exegete of the Qur ` an , most famous for his -LRB- Ø Ø Ø Ù Ø Ø Ù Ø Ø Ù Ù Ø Ù Ù
Peter Doherty -LRB- born 12 March 1979 -RRB- is an English musician , writer , actor , poet and artist .
The Thoth Tarot is a supposed tarot deck painted by Lady Frieda Harris according to instructions from Aleister Crowley .
See municipality of Baja California Sur .
Some of these Chinese texts show the influences of Japanese grammar , such as word order placing the verb after the object -LRB- as in Japanese -RRB- rather than before -LRB- as in Chinese -RRB- .
Eager scored his second Stanley Cup playoff goal on May 31 , 2010 in Game Two of the Stanley Cup Finals against Philadelphia .
Le Fresne-Camilly is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
Salt Lake City , Utah , which would eventually host in 2002 , offered itself as a potential host after the withdrawal of Denver .
The National Bowl is an entertainment venue in Milton Keynes , Buckinghamshire , England .
The Talyllyn Railway is represented in the Thomas the Tank Engine books as the Skarloey Railway ; most of the fictional engine are based on real-life equivalent .
Any nothing that can prevent chosen-plaintext attacks is then also guaranteed to be secure against known-plaintext and ciphertext-only attacks ; this is a conservative approach to security .
They lived during the Eocene era .
Sovacool suggests that the barriers to clean energy adoption are institutional , not technological , and he sees no role for nuclear power in a clean energy transition .
The Baitul Futuh Mosque -LRB- English : House of victory -RRB- has been deemed the largest mosque complex in Western Europe .
Once expand with the Nile that run right into the Giza Plateau , the Pyramid of Giza were built miss the ancient Egyptian capital city of Memphis , which was near modern day Cairo .
After moving to Queensland , Bob and Lyn Irwin started the small Queensland Reptile and animal Park , where Steve grew up around crocodile and other reptiles .
It was sometimes called `` Demeter '' from 1955 to 1975 .
It may have set or may be overlooked .
As a result of his publication , Coleman became a prominent figure in Missouri farming circles , which set the path for a political career in the Missouri House of Representatives .
The space between the spin galaxy increase with time , but the space between the stars within each galaxy stay roughly the same , due to their gravitational interactions .
Also , in 1791 , Mozartâ s La Clemenza di Tito was shit in public here for the first time in celebration of the coronation of Emperor Leopold II .
This example care both a protection guide and a green doc box from a \/ doc page at the same time .
Le nozze di Figaro , ossia la folle giornata -LRB- The Marriage of Figaro , or The Day of rage -RRB- , K. 492 , is an opera buffa -LRB- comic opera -RRB- composed in 1786 in four acts by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart , with Italian libretto by Lorenzo Da Ponte , based on a stage comedy by Pierre Beaumarchais , La folle journÃ e , ou le Mariage de Figaro -LRB- 1784 -RRB- .
Jaclyn Michelle Linetsky -LRB- January 8 , 1986 -- September 8 , 2003 -RRB- was a Canadian actress who sound Caillou from 2000-2002 .
Spider-Man has appeared in comics , cartoon , movies , color books , novels , records , and children 's books . On television , he appeared as the main character in the animated series Spider-Man , which air from 1967 â `` 1970 on ABC , the live-action series The Amazing Spider-Man -LRB- 1978 â `` 1979 -RRB- , starring Nicholas Hammond , the syndicate cartoon series Spider-Man -LRB- 1981 â `` 1982 -RRB- , Spider-Man and His Amazing Friends -LRB- 1981 â `` 1983 -RRB- , Spider-Man : The Animated Series -LRB- 1994 â `` 1998 -RRB- , Spider-Man Unlimited -LRB- 1999 â `` 2000 -RRB- , Spider-Man : The New Animated Series -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , and The Spectacular Spider-Man -LRB- 2008 â `` 2009 -RRB- .
Toshihiro Yahata -LRB- born 29 May 1980 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
However , one place for the Copa Libertadores can be won by winning the Copa do Brazil .
In an interview with the president of the federation that manage ID competition , Fernando Martin Vicente admitted that athletes around the world were breaking the ID eligibility rules .
Takashi Uemura -LRB- ä æ ` å å # `` Uemura Takashi born 2 December 1973 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
They never cross in the wild , although it has proved possible to produce cross between Eastern Grey females and Western Grey males in imprisonment .
The Harbourfront Landmark is a 70-floor 233 meter -LRB- 763 foot -RRB- tall skyscraper completed in 2001 located in Hong Kong , China .
On February 14 , 1859 , the territory entered the Union as the U.S. state of Oregon within its current boundaries .
In 1967 while Yunus attended Vanderbilt University , he met Vera Forostenko , a student of Russian literature at Vanderbilt University and daughter of Russian immigrants to Trenton , New Jersey , U.S. .
It was captured by ECOWAS troops seeking to restore President Ahmad Tejan Kabbah in 1998 , and later it was unsuccessfully attacked by rebels of the Revolutionary United Front .
Great Yarmouth , often known to locals as Yarmouth , is a coastal town in Norfolk , England .
She is best known as one of the five members of the girl group Spice Girls , in which she was nickname `` clean Spice '' .
bubble to the surface from hot springs is one of nature 's most toxic gas ; H sulfide .
By convention , the positions of President and Vice President rotate annually , each Councillor thus becoming Vice President and then President every seven years while in office .
Rather , it can make sense to involve religious , tribal or community leaders , communicate difficult Truth indirectly through a third party , and make suggestions through stories -LRB- see Vinod Swami -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , Conflict Mediation Across Cultures -RRB- .
Google I\/O is an annual two-day developer-focused conference , held by Google at Moscone Center in San Francisco , California , featuring highly technical , in-depth sessions focused on building of web , mobile , and enterprise applications with Google and open web technologies such as Android , Chrome , Google APIs , Google Web Toolkit , App Engine , and more .
In some seeds this structure is purse and with black color .
Nogent-l ` Artaud is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Magnetic tape is a medium for magnetic recording , made of a thin magnetizable finish on a long , narrow strip of plastic .
John Heartfield -LRB- 19 June 1891 , Berlin â `` 26 April 1968 , East Berlin -RRB- is the anglicized name of the German photomontage artist Helmut Herzfeld .
With Ozai defeated , the war quickly ends .
He cleverly lampoon the polytheistic beliefs of earlier Greek poet and of his own generation : `` Homer and Hesiod '' one fragment states , `` have attributed to the gods all sorts of things that are matters of reproach and exclusion among men : theft , adultery , and mutual magic . ''
The French annexed the Batavian Republic in 1810 , and Overijssel was organised into the new French dÃ partement of Bouches-de-l ` Yssel .
To play duck on a rock most effectively , Naismith soon found out that a soft lob shot was far more effective than a straight hard throw , a thought which later proved essential for the invention of basketball .
After days of starving , Bobby Jon brought a giant dollar for his tribe ; hoping that it would help them win the next resistance Challenge .
Bad TÃ lz sits on the Isar River , 670 metres above sea level .
Caesar decided to head for Spain , while leaving Italy under the control of Mark Anthony .
This involved general station maintenance , rolling stock maintenance and track maintenance .
Franz Anton Beckenbauer -LRB- born 11 September 1945 in Munich -RRB- is a German football coach , manager , and former player , nickname Der Kaiser -LRB- `` The Emperor '' -RRB- because of his elegant style , his leadership , his first name `` Franz '' -LRB- reminiscent of the Austrian emperor -RRB- , and his say-so on the football pitch .
The crystal process consists of two major events , nucleation and crystal growth .
Twenty individual Emmy were awarded to writers , actors , and crew members .
They are normally worn by female dancer , though male dancer may wear them for irregular roles such as the ugly half-sister in Cinderella , Bottom in A Midsummer Night 's Dream , or men performing as women in dance companies such as Les ballet Trockadero and Grandiva .
The Open Source Initiative uses the terms `` proprietary software '' and `` closed source software '' interchangeably .
The Parthenon -LRB- Ancient Greek : -RRB- is a temple in the Athenian Acropolis , Greece , dedicated to the Greek goddess Athena , whom the people of Athens considered their guardian .
Kent Nagano was principal director of the orchestra from 1992 to 1999 .
2014 -LRB- MMXIV -RRB- will be a common year starting on Wednesday .
Worcester -LRB- , locally -RRB- , is a city and county town of Worcestershire in the West Midlands of England .
Table tennis paddle are specialized to allow players to spin the ball as they hit
Laffy Taffy is a brand of candy first produced in the 1970s .
A great number of ecclesiastical buildings remain from this period , of which even the smallest are often structures of architectural distinction while many of the larger churches are considered priceless works of art and are listed with UNESCO as World Heritage Sites . For this reason a study of medieval architecture is largely a study of cathedral and churches .
Ford-Cosworth reluctantly provided support to teams like to run their older-spec engines in the IRL , a major point of competition for drag management , to whom Ford-Cosworth was an official engine provider .
Nominally raised as a Christian , she converted to Judaism before tie Miller .
Guillermo Luis Franco Farquarson -LRB- born 3 November 1976 -RRB- is a Argentine-born Mexican football striker who plays for VÃ lez SÃ rsfield .
This probably should n't generally be used if is in use as applies proper links to Protection policy , but it allows for exception and can define the link to sections within that page .
The first determined search for New South Greenland came during the Second German south-polar Expedition , 1911 â `` 13 , under Wilhelm Filchner .
The Bob Graham Sunshine airway Bridge is a bridge cross Tampa Bay , Florida , with a cable-stayed main span , and a length of 29,040 feet -LRB- exactly 5.5 miles or approximately 8.85 km -RRB- .
The vegetation of Curitiba is also characterized by the existence of a large quantity of purple and yellow ipÃ s -LRB- tabebuias -RRB- , making a beautiful sight during the flower at the end of winter .
Kenji is a Japanese era name which followed roll ` ei and lead KÅ an .
In 1993 , a small propeller-driven plane fly by Richard Leakey crashed , beat his lower legs of which both were later amputated .
In March 1896 , the Ndebele again revolt against the authority of the British South Africa Company in what is now celebrated in Zimbabwe as the First War of Independence .
`` Shire '' is the most common word in Australia for rural Local Government Areas -LRB- LGA -RRB- .
Travel times to Munich have been reduced to as little as one hour .
Rudolph William Louis `` Rudy '' Giuliani , -LRB- ; born May 28 , 1944 -RRB- is an American politician who served as mayor of New York City during the September 11 terrorist attacks .
Heathrow is 12 N west of Central London , and has two parallel main track cross running east-west and four operational end .
Born in Augusta , New York , William Miller graduated from Hamilton College in 1861 .
She is also shown telling stories for money in an inn .
Others , such as Cladophora , Rhizoclonium and Pithophora live in fresh water and in some areas are considered smoke .
moose Horn is a city in Shelby County , Iowa , United States .
Clewiston is located at .
The show was prepare by Endemol , the company that also prepare Big Brother .
executive of Windows Server world -LRB- for domain-joined computers -RRB- or the local computer can apply and apply a variety of settings on computers that affect the user interface -LRB- such as invalid menu items and individual form options -RRB- , as well as underlying security features such as download of files , zone form , per-site settings , ActiveX control behavior and others .
His rejected entry , `` Long Live Our State '' -LRB- Ð '' Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ñ Ñ Ð Ñ Ð Ñ Ð 1\/2 Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ð Ð -RRB- , became a popular loyal song and was adopted as the anthem of Transnistria .
Removed items will not be visible to anyone through the web site , but the cut are log and can be restored manually by a database administrator if you make a mistake -LRB- log of oversighted cut -RRB- .
normal play a powerful role in the operation of the Australian constitution because of its set-up and operation as a Westminster system of responsible government .
In 1932 , soon after the prediction of positron by Paul Dirac , Carl D. Anderson found that cosmic-ray hit produced these particles in a cloud chamber -- a particle sensor in which moving electron -LRB- or positron -RRB- leave behind lead as they move through the gas .
HyderÄ bÄ d state was located in the south-central region of the Indian subcontinent , and was ruled , from 1724 until 1948 , by a genetic Nizam . The capital city was Hyderabad .
`` I do not advocate burning your ship to get rid of the roach '' .
Voyager 1 is the utmost human-made object from Earth , traveling away from both the Earth and the Sun at a relatively faster speed than any other investigation .
In December 2009 , the team suffered an early blow when it was discovered that a planned Â # 80m sponsorship arrangement that had been signed by muscle with Henkel in July was shut-in .
Those who recognize Ukrainian as their native language total 81.0 % of the population , Hungarian â '' 12.7 % , Russian â '' 2.9 % , Romanian â '' 2.6 % , and Rusyn â '' 0.5 % Residents in seven of Mukachivskyi Raion 's villages have the option to learn the Hungarian language in a school or home school environment .
The band is named after a boat belonging to Roughton `` Rou '' Reynolds ' uncle , and a character in a play which he wrote before forming the band , both of which are named Shikari . Shikari also means ` Hunter ' , in Marathi , Iranian , Hindu , Nepali , Urdu , Punjabi and Bengali .
John Montagu , 4th Earl of Sandwich , PC , Fed -LRB- 3 November 1718 -- 30 April 1792 -RRB- was a British statesman who succeeded his grandfather , Edward Montagu , 3rd Earl of Sandwich , as the Earl of Sandwich in 1729 , at the age of ten .
During it , economic assets -LRB- or capital -RRB- were represented by bullion -LRB- gold , silver , and trade value -RRB- , which was best increased through a positive and healthy balance of trade with other states -LRB- exports minus moment -RRB- .
Four songs from the album : `` sneak '' , `` Remember Tomorrow '' , `` Running Free '' and `` Iron first '' were covered for the 2008 tribute album first Heaven : A Tribute to Iron first released by Kerrang !
Section 218 of the Local Government Act 1972 that established the new system stated : `` Her Majesty shall name a lord-lieutenant for each county in England and Wales and for Greater London ... '' The Act appears to be the first statutory use of the term `` lord-lieutenant '' for deputy to counties .
herald of the two-piece date to antiquity , in Ã atalhÃ yÃ 1\/4 k and the Greco-Roman world .
The field was left with the bodies of more than 7,500 soldiers and 5,000 horses of the Army of the Potomac and the South 's Army of Northern Virginia , and the stink of waste bodies in the humid July air was overcome .
Technique and overall arm strength are the two greatest contributing factors to winning an arm wrestling match .
debt were quickly fall and money-lenders started to demand refund .
This bill line connected all train routes heading for West Berlin and hold all domestic GDR traffic , thus take railway traffic into East Berlin while by-passing West Berlin . commuter in the East German suburbs around West Berlin now room Sputnik express trains , which took them into East Berlin without crossing any western sectors .
Medical thermometer such as mercury-in-glass thermometer , infrared thermometer , pill thermometer , and liquid crystal thermometer are used within health care to determine if individuals have a fever or are hypothermic .
On April 24 , 1915 , said to be the day when the Armenian Genocide officially began , he was arrested and put on a train the next day together with 180 other Armenian notable and sent to the city of Ã ankÄ rÄ in northern Central Anatolia , at a distance of some 300 miles .
The first signs of a circulation on satellite imagination appeared on June 26 , center about 250 m south of the Gulf of Tehuantepec .
The Household horse is made up of two regiment of the British armed forces , the Life Guards and the Blues and royal -LRB- Royal Horse Guards and 1st railroad -RRB- . These regiment are divided between the armor Regiment place at Combermere urge in Windsor and the ceremony Mounted unit place at Knightsbridge urge , London at the HCMR -LRB- Household horse Mounted Regiment -RRB- .
By the year 2010 , it is estimated that over 20 million children will be orphan by AIDS .
The Palace was destroy in the 17th century and replaced with the Greenwich Hospital -LRB- now The Old Royal Naval College -RRB- in the late 17th century .
The urge were constructed from large sandstone blocks and carved out of the existing rock on the head .
The order is placed in the eurosids II , which are part of the eudicots .
In modern cars the engine is often located directly behind the driver , and drives the rear wheels .
A steam engine is a engine that produces its power through a steam engine .
33.1 % of all households were made up of individuals and 16.4 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
Hastings , sometimes called Hastings and St Leonard , is a town and Borough on the South coast of England , in East Sussex .
A true output -LRB- 1 -RRB- results if one , and only one , of the comment to the gate is true -LRB- 1 -RRB- .
Strings longer than 500 are not shortened to 500 .
City of Okeechobee
They eventually find Daedalus , who has made himself a new body , and has mask himself as the play advocate .
Heights are measured to the structural height , which includes architectural elements , but not communications spire or aerial .
The majority of Muslims live in Asia and Africa .
Instead of using the field in these instances , simply use the appropriate field .
The final margin of victory was sufficiently high to permit a `` red-green '' coalition of the SPD with Alliance ' 90\/The common -LRB- BÃ 1\/4 ndnis ' 90\/Die GrÃ 1\/4 nen -RRB- , bringing the common into a national government for the first time .
It is unknown how the tre cassyn were originally adopted , and several theories have been put forward their origin .
Fontenermont is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
Green Bay is served by the Green Bay Press-Gazette .
The town of Green Rock , Illinois has been incorporated into the city of Colona .
Roe have within the UK is generally soft roe as opposed to hard roe .
Selden describes how to use SPC in the fields of sales , marketing , and customer service , using Deming 's famous Red drop Experiment as an easy to follow demonstration .
Her most popular parts were in the plays : Min tante Aurore -LRB- Ma tante Aurore -RRB- by Boieldieu , Bildhuggaren , Brodertvisten -LRB- The brother feud -RRB- by Kotzebue , Syrsan dramatization efter La tiny Fadette by George Sand , Preciosa , Jane Eyre and MÃ ster Smith -LRB- Master Smith -RRB- .
No more than 200 Jews from the Trochenbrod ghetto and nearby areas survived the massacre .
The first Victoria Cross for Australia was awarded to SA Trooper Mark Donaldson by the Governor-General at Government House , Canberra on 16 January 2009 .
Mont-Saint-P Ã re is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Its feather is mostly irridescent green .
This estimate is for May 6 , 1996 , very close to perihelion , while details vary somewhat with the seasons .
In 1912 , on an expedition to Vietnam , he discovered and named the Tonkin Snub-nosed Langur .
The film features an ensemble cast starring Leonardo DiCaprio , Ken Watanabe , Joseph Gordon-Levitt , Marion Cotillard , Ellen Page , Tom brave , Cillian Murphy , Dileep Rao , Tom Berenger , and Michael Caine .
published a 10th anniversary commemorative piece in which they called the album `` Manson 's finest hour ... A decade on , it is still scathingly relevant .
It is a herbaceous repeated , growing to 1 m in height , with pinnate leaves about 7 â `` 15 cm -LRB- 3 â `` 6 in -RRB- long , with 9 â `` 17 folder .
In 711 , Arab -LRB- wharf -RRB- from the North of Africa occupy southern Spain .
It had been officially released everywhere except North America by 8 February 2010 -LRB- US and Canada on 9 February 2010 -RRB- â `` seven years after the release of their previous non-soundtrack , standalone studio album , 100th Window .
As a result he doubt whether the trust on finding an individual 's ethical good was sufficient .
In his 2001 article `` Real Liberals versus The West Wing '' , Mackubin Thomas Owen wrote ,
For example , in Romania , Bulgaria , Serbia , Macedonia , India , Bosnia and Herzegovina and some other countries , there is `` Fanta Shokata '' -LRB- a pun between `` soc '' - elderberry in Romanian - and `` shock '' -RRB- based on the elderflower prime extract drink , traditional in Romania -LRB- where it 's called SocatÄ -RRB- , Bulgaria , Macedonia , Serbia , Bosnia and Herzegovina and other Balkan countries .
The Ford Aerostar is a minivan produced by Ford Motor Company for the North American market ; the first such design by Ford , it was sold from the 1986 to the 1997 model years .
He stand the well-ingrained tradition of jump senior officers from the armed forces into police control ; and only with great hesitation did he give in to the demand from the Hertfordshire police committee that he use his wartime military rank .
Basseterre , estimated population 15,500 in 2000 , is the capital of the Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis in the West indie .
Systems that treat all processor equally are called symmetrical multiprocessing -LRB- SMP -RRB- systems .
Retraction requires the compression of two internal longitudinal muscles , known as the sternoglossi .
BÃ 1\/4 ttikon is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten in the quarter of Aargau in Switzerland .
Two generations of fans of American League teams have grown up with the Designated striker rule being in place , and for many of them the designated striker is as much a traditional part of baseball as the pitcher taking his turn at bat is for fans of National League teams .
Weinfelden is a municipality in the quarter of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Taisei Fujita is a Japanese footballer who plays for F.C. Machida Zelvia .
This new insight was instrumental in the Young Plan of February 1929 which led to more step-down in German fix payment .
He pilots the GN-001 Gundam Exia , a high mobility mobile suit effective in melee combat .
The same tram had jump on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate loop during previous trials .
It is known for its excellent port facilities , being the sea port for Curitiba , the capital of ParanÃ .
Pierre Corneille -LRB- 6 June 1606 â `` 1 October 1684 -RRB- was a French tragedian who was one of the three great seventeenth-century French playwright , along with MoliÃ re and Racine .
Phraya Phakdi Chumphon -LRB- Lae -RRB- memorial -LRB- à à à à à à à # à à cents à à à # à à cents à à à à à '' à à à à à à -LRB- à à -RRB- -RRB- : The people of Chaiyaphum built the memorial in 1975 .
Such pointer can effectively double the accuracy of take , let a 10-inch slide rule to serve as well as a 20-inch .
The family includes about 50 genus and 550 species , with a pantropical distribution ; one genus -LRB- Toona -RRB- go north into moderate China and south into southeast Australia , and another -LRB- Melia -RRB- nearly as far north .
The winner was Alexandra Sapot who came to play the villain `` Billie Jo '' .
In July 2005 , during the 2005 Tour , Vinokourov 's contract was running out and guess was abundant if he was to stay with T-Mobile .
As a soldier he received the usual training of a Prussian prince , obtained his lieutenancy in 1784 , became a colonel in 1790 , and took part in the campaigns against France of 1792-1794 .
The mouth of the Yarra River was later visit in May and June 1835 by a party led by John Batman who recognized the potential of the Melbourne townsite for settlement .
While Stargate Worlds -LRB- SGW -RRB- is mainly about the story arc to Stargate SG-1 , the first expansion pack is planned to be about Stargate Atlantis .
Giacomo Agostini holds the current record for the most fastest circle with 117 .
Huygens landed on giant on January 14 , 2005 , see that many of the moon 's surface features seem to have been formed by flowing fluid at some point in the past .
Turnpike Lane tube station is a station at Turnpike Lane on the Piccadilly Line of the London Underground , between Manor House and Wood Green stations , and in Travelcard Zone 3 .
During the 1942 â `` 1943 season , Check was signed by the National Hockey League 's Montreal Canadiens , although he continued to play for the Quebec I of the Quebec Senior Hockey League through 1944 , scoring for them a total of 60 goals and 40 assists .
It lies at an EL of about 1,350 m -LRB- 4,500 ft -RRB- above sea level , in a warm , shelter , rich valley , surrounded by the hills of the Magaliesberg range .
On May 7 , 2007 , ABC Entertainment President Stephen McPherson announced that Lost would end during the 2009 â `` 2010 season with a `` highly anticipated and shocking finale . ''
Foucault 's tenure at Vincennes was short-lived , as in 1970 he was elected to France 's most honored academic body , the CollÃ ge de France , as Professor of the History of Systems of Thought .
Introduced by then president Ziaur Rahman in late 1970s , the Government formed 40,392 village governments -LRB- g sarkar -RRB- as a fourth layer of government in 2003 .
He continued his research on cellular growth factors after moving to Vanderbilt University in 1959 .
The list class cities in India based on two parameters -- Compensatory City margin -LRB- CCA -RRB- , further divided into categories A-1 , A , B-1 and B-2 , and House Rent margin -LRB- HRA -RRB- , further divided into categories A-1 , A , B-1 , B-2 and C. This classification was initially based on the recommendations of the Fifth Pay Commission of India -LRB- 1997 -RRB- .
The history of Schwelm can be line back to the ninth century , where it is first mentioned as `` Suelmiu '' .
Kakadu was listed in three stages : Stage 1 in 1981 , Stage 2 in 1987 , and the entire Park in 1992 .
The western regional accent of Aramaic followed a similar course to those of the east . They are quite distinct from the eastern accent and Imperial Aramaic .
Some time about 300 CE , the whole region was upset by the appearance of the Kalabhras .
Abdurrahman Wahid , born Abdurrahman Addakhil -LRB- 7 September 1940 â `` 30 December 2009 -RRB- , informally known as , was an Indonesian Muslim religious and political leader who served as the President of Indonesia from 1999 to 2001 .
It was founded in 2007 in LliÃ n , province of LliÃ n , Spain , and has members from the provinces of LliÃ n , Zamora and Salamanca .
To change the variable , just copy the following into your monobook .
David Hume -LRB- 7 May 1711 -LRB- 26 April O.S. -RRB- â `` 25 August 1776 -RRB- was a Scottish philosopher , historian , economist , and essayist , known especially for his philosophical sensationalism and disbelief .
The examples of convergent evolution seen between distinct hydrothermal air is seen as major support for the theory of natural selection and of evolution as a whole .
Its county seat is Bradenton , Florida .
OTEC can also supply amount of cold water as a by-product .
Different speed limits apply on dual carriageway sections from those that apply on single carriageway sections of the same class of road , except in cities and built-up areas where the dual carriageway is more of a safety measure , often intended to prevent walker from crossing a busy road .
Colchester is home to the University of Essex , Colchester Zoo , Colchester Castle and Colchester United Football Club .
Paterson knew that the film had to be about friendship and imagination .
Although she had previously spoken in fantasy and dream episode , Maggie 's first word spoken in the normal continuity of the series occurred in `` Lisa 's First Word '' , when she was sound by Elizabeth Taylor . Although it was only one word -LRB- `` Daddy '' -RRB- , Taylor had to record the part numerous times before the producers were satisfied .
Eva Anna Paula Hitler nÃ e Braun -LRB- 6 February 1912 â `` 30 April 1945 -RRB- was the longtime companion of Adolf Hitler and for less than 40 hours , his wife .
Mansell attacked on the last lap with a desperate passing attempt at the end of the straight , was too far behind to make the pass .
Bassens is a communicate in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Popular story usually refer to the joint rule as those of `` William and Mary '' .
John Severn Bednarski -LRB- born July 4 , 1952 in Thunder Bay , Ontario -RRB- was an ice hockey defenceman in the National Hockey League .
However , according to the British Official History of events total British casualties were 260 and Italian losses were estimated at 2,052
In 1971 , Cox released his album Nitro Function with woman Vinnedge -LRB- from Luv 'd Ones -RRB- and Robert Tarrant .
In the 1970s , the original stadium was closed down .
Kolkoutines paintings are both simple and complicated it is said .
It was first introduced to Italy by a Dominican monk from Inquisition-era Spain .
Before Stuart 's confederate can kill Barnes , McClane break in through an air air .
After the death of Conrad , the city was destroyed by his brother Manfred in 1259 , but soon rebuild by Charles I of Anjou , its replacement as king of Sicily .
Sculpturally , Rodin have a unique ability to model a complex , troubled , deeply bag surface in clay .
... The deadline did go , and the once-powerful team that had been known as the Little Men of Iron was thrown onto the bit lot of hockey history .
The movement of means across the membrane can be either passive , come without the input of cellular energy , or active , requiring the cell to use energy in moving it .
Another American study in 2002 concluded that 54 % of women who had an abortion were using a form of contraception at the time of becoming pregnant while 46 % were not .
Todd Bodine won the 2006 artisan Truck Championship on Nov 17 , 2006 by 122 points over Johnny Benson ; it was Bodine 's first-ever championship in any division .
Wright also made major contributions to mammal genetics and biochemical genetics .
With mark now gone and the hyenas bar , the fire goes out as it starts to rain .
They are usually in a different order each time , however they are not completely mix , so as to avoid playing the same song again too long or short apart .
The Volkswagen Eos is a four-seat retractable hardtop coupe convertible , introduced in 2006 as the replacement to the Volkswagen Golf cab .
Synchrotron sources also have a much higher intensity of X-ray air , so data collection takes a divide of the time normally necessary at light sources .
It lies approximately 16.8 miles -LRB- 27 km -RRB- southwest of Warne , near Blairsville , Georgia
Important among these invitation was a series of four concert with Arturo Toscaniniâ s NBC Symphony Orchestra in 1941 .
During the expansion , the name Disneyland Resort was strike to refer to the entire Disney complex , while Disneyland Park was strike to refer to the original theme park .
on the CW on September 22 , 2006 , Tribune Broadcasting television stations in six major markets -LRB- including WPIX in New York City and KTLA in Los Angeles -RRB- air WWE 's Friday Night SmackDown !
Among other award , Hart was a one-time USWA mix World giant Champion , two-time WWF Intercontinental Champion , one-time IWGP Junior giant Champion , one-time WWF European Champion and four-time WWF World Tag Team Champion . He was also the winner of the 1994 WWF King of the Ring .
The East Anglia Transport Museum is an open air transport museum , with numerous historic public transport vehicles -LRB- including many in full working order -RRB- .
-LRB- M. Saryan -RRB-
Members must speak the house language of French , but many also speak English and German as well .
For example , the double-helical structure of DNA was derive from an X-ray diffraction pattern that had been generated by a fibrous sample -RRB- .
The number e is sometimes called Euler 's number after the Swiss mathematician Leonhard Euler .
All of these have default values .
Formal minor planet appointment are number-name combination manage by the Minor Planet Center , a branch of the IAU .
In 1525 , along with his brother and Georg Pencz , the so-called `` irreverent painter '' , he was bar from Nuremberg , accused of heresy -LRB- against Lutheranism -RRB- , blasphemy and not know the authority of the City council .
It originally air on the Fox network in the United States on July 11 , 1991 .
guy anti-tobacco activists was also unlawful , as was the use of advertising bill along rail tracks , in rural regions , stadium and racing tracks .
The Nintendo 3DS is a portable game console produced by Nintendo . A name feature of the system is its ability to produce `` 3D effects without the need for any special glasses '' via a process called autostereoscopy .
With the help of troops from his new father-in-law , Agamemnon then took the throne of Mycenae from his uncle Thyestes . Agamemnon and Clytemnestra became rule of Mycenae , and she have three daughters : Iphigenia , Chrysothemis , and Electra ; and finally a son : Orestes .
There are several WhiteWater raft take and tours in northeast Cherokee County , Including Carolina Outfitters , raft America , and White Water .
The north tower -LRB- 1 WTC -RRB- give at 10:28 a.m. , after burning for approximately 102 minutes .
The 1920 Games were awarded to Antwerp to honor the people of that city after the suffering they go during World War I. The initial choice for the site of the Games had been Budapest , Hungary .
Many other authors of this period described eastern Mediterranean cooking in Greek and in Latin .
The Ice Age : Dawn of the dinosaur video game from Activision was released on the Xbox 360 , Wii , PlayStation 3 , PlayStation 2 , Games for Windows , and Nintendo D on June 30 , 2009 .
`` avec du bon beurre frais , un peu de vinaigre , sel et muscade , et un jaune dâ Å `` uf pour 51 la sauce '' -LRB- `` with good fresh butter , a little vinegar , salt , and nutmeg , and an egg yolk to hold the sauce '' -RRB- .
With the 2008 revision of the notebook , cable Ethernet connectivity required a separately available USB-to-Ethernet adapter .
Near the site are a group of villages called Bagrawiyah .
These plates rose vertically along its arc back .
Brandon joined Rise Against in 2000 after the separation of `` dope Circus '' and was on the 2001 release and tour of The run .
The CBBC Channel is its sister channel for older children .
Early in the 1970s large U deposits were discovered at Ranger , Jabiluka and Koongarra .
They are thin and are usually served with a large amount of sweet or spicy filling , ranging from fruit or ice cream , to seafood -LRB- in Brazil , most usually ground meat -RRB- .
This new Seanad was considered to be the direct replacement of the Free State Seanad and so the first Seanad convened under the new constitution was referred to as the `` Second Seanad '' .
The two men battle it out and Zeus tells Hercules that he is trying to save him .
The title of the EP inspired the title of a book of photography by Peterson , named Screaming Life : A story of the Seattle Music Scene .
These lakes are known with the above listed names , but are officially named Lake Verbano and Lake Ceresio .
Sarbhana is one of the 51 union council of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Fredrik Larsson -LRB- born August 14 , 1974 -RRB- is the current bass guitarist of the Swedish power metal band Hammerfall , which he left in 1997 , but return in 2007 . He also provides backing song with HammerFall .
Popular cross include Camellia Ã -- hiemalis C. Ã -- hiemalis -LRB- C. japonica Ã -- C. sasanqua -RRB- and Camellia Ã -- williamsii C. Ã -- williamsii -LRB- C. japonica Ã -- Camellia saluenensis C. saluenensis -RRB- .
Early on July 2 , the depression organized into Tropical Storm Alberto . Alberto peak as a tropical storm with winds of 65 m , and made landfall near Destin , Florida on July 3 .
Released in 2002 , it is the first game in the Ratchet & crash series .
Logical topology describes the way in which a network air information from network\/computer to another and not the way the network looks or how it is laid out .
1 This match was played at partisan Stadium in Belgrade .
Since transactional support is not universally present in hardware RAID , many operating systems include transactional support to protect against data loss during an off-and-on write .
In January 2004 , Lego posted a loss of 1.4 billion Danish kroner -LRB- 140 million British pounds and 223.86 million USD -RRB- .
The pound was the currency of Australia from 1910 until 13 February 1966 , when it was replaced by the Australian dollar .
The other remains , with unrelated DNA , check to the family 's doctor -LRB- Yevgeny Botkin -RRB- , their man -LRB- Alexei Trupp -RRB- , their cook -LRB- Ivan Kharitonov -RRB- and Alexandra 's maid -LRB- Anna Demidova -RRB- .
`` Everything fell into place , '' L' Ã quipe said .
GQ -LRB- originally Gentlemen 's Quarterly -RRB- is a monthly men 's magazine focusing on fashion , style , and culture for men , through articles on food , movies , fitness , sex , music , travel , sports , technology , and books .
Gergiev is also associated with numerous music festival , including the White Nights festival in Saint Petersburg .
When the cache client -LRB- a processor , web browser , operating system -RRB- needs to access a datum assume to exist in the backing store , it first checks the cache . If an entry can be found with a tag matching that of the desired datum , the datum in the entry is used instead .
An extended length episode , or television or representation film may serve as the series finale .
Beutin is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The astrologer explained that the beautiful young woman was in fact a kind nine-tailed fox -LRB- kitsune -RRB- working for an evil daimyo , who was making the Emperor ill in a roundabout plot to take the throne .
Columbus has stated that the cast were chosen specifically with sequel in mind .
Excess sebum has been linked to eating red heart , fried , greasy or other foods , but studies are not conclusive .
According to the RIAA , Rush 's sales statistics also place them third behind The Beatles , and The Rolling Stones for the most consecutive gold or platinum albums by a rock band .
Community is an American television comedy series created by Dan Harmon that line on NBC .
Precocial birds are born with their eyes open .
Considering other racial and geographic differences in regards to household income , it should come as no surprise that the median household income change with race , size of household and geography .
Taken together , the MicropÃ dia and MacropÃ dia be roughly 40 million words and 24,000 images .
Iron -LRB- III -RRB- chloride undergo hydrolysis to give an acid solution . When heated with iron -LRB- III -RRB- oxide at 350 Â C , iron -LRB- III -RRB- chloride gives iron oxychloride , a layer solid and embolism host .
It is , however , claimed by India as a part of its state of Jammu and Kashmir .
Torricella-Taverne is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the quarter of Ticino in Switzerland .
Originally , these image emoticons were fairly simple and replaced only the most straight and common character episode , but over time they became so complex that the more specialized emoticons are often input using a menu or popup windows , sometimes listing hundreds of items .
Later , its membership was extended to non-European states .
NescafÃ is a brand of instant coffee made by NestlÃ .
However in 1976 the then Irish government , the Fine Gaelâ `` Labor Party National Coalition under Liam Cosgrave informed him that he was not being re-appointed to the Commission .
The Secretary is a member of the Cabinet and the highest-ranking cabinet secretary both in line of sequence and order of priority .
Waltenschwil is a municipality in the district of Muri in the quarter of Aargau in Switzerland .
Astro Boy is the first Japanese television series that be the aesthetic that later became familiar worldwide as anime .
Observations have revealed that it is global , unlike the second work of smaller bodies with lower gravity .
The Cricetidae are a family of rodents in the large and complex superfamily Muroidea .
At that time , some his save were intended to influence the positions of the Italian Government on certain human rights issues , as was the case with material that he wrote on North Korea .
In distinction to such systems , modern Western laws do not acknowledge the legal status of concubine , and recognize only monogamous union .
He is also known for his time with World Championship Wrestling -LRB- WCW -RRB- where he twist as `` Sugar '' Shane helm .
The exchange rate was 1 pound = 2 dollars . Thus , 10 bob became 1 dollar and 1 bob became 10 cents .
It was produced by Iqbal Films and directed by Abdul Jabbar Khan .
There are 50 steps in total .
In 2005 , he won the Medal for Distinguished Contribution to American Letters from the National Book Foundation .
His search leads him to Ba Sing Se , the capital of the Earth Kingdom , where he reveal the great internal government corruption of Ba Sing Se .
The following day Domitian was declared emperor by the Praetorian Guard , get a reign which lasted fifteen years - longer than any man who had ruled since Tiberius .
Luis Ã `` mark `` Lucho '' GonzÃ lez -LRB- born 19 January 1981 in Buenos air -RRB- is an Argentine footballer who plays for Olympique de Marseille in Ligue 1 .
Koji Hirose is a Japanese footballer who currently plays for Tochigi S.C. .
Ø Ø Ù muâ aá á in -RRB- , or muzim , is the chosen person at a mosque who leads the call to prayer -LRB- adhan -RRB- at Friday services and the five daily times for prayer -LRB- salah , Turkish namaz -RRB- from one of the mosque 's minaret ; in most modern mosque , electronic gain aids the muezzin in his task .
The band 's next album was to be its find .
She was on the cover in the other two version , one next to Scheila Carvalho , her fellow Ã o Tchan ! .
He learned the piano but at age 14 heard Erich Kleiber conduct Beethoven 's Symphony No. 5 and he decided immediately he wanted to be a director .
Debby Boone -LRB- born Deborah Anne Boone on September 22 , 1956 -RRB- is an American singer and theater actress .
They had two children , Suzanne and Christopher .
The number of districts rose to 106 again in December 2004 , when four new districts were created in the province of Sindh of which one -LRB- Umerkot -RRB- had existed until 2000 and three districts -LRB- Kashmore , Qambar and Jamshoro -RRB- were newly created .
M. pumila -RRB- .
Ruth Graham was born at Qingjiang , Kiangsu , China , as Ruth McCue Bell .
The Kabul Markhor or Straight-horned Markhor -LRB- Capra falconeri megaceros -RRB- is an expose goat-antelope native to Afghanistan and Pakistan within Pakistan it is the Provincial animal of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa .
The first -LRB- required -RRB- argument set the name of the country , such as `` United States '' or `` Chile '' .
Soulac-sur-Mer is a communicate in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
During morphogenesis , totipotent stem cells become the various pluripotent cell lines of the embryo which in turn become fully tell cells .
The tengwar were probably developed in the late 1920s or in the early 1930s .
Examples for such attack models are :
He is credit with manufacture the genre of fÃ si galantes : scenes of provincial and idyllic charm , suffused with an air of theatricality .
He was the sixth President of Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America , taking office in 1972 .
To get started , you can simply copy this blank definition into your page , and fill in the data .
Charles V -LRB- 21 January 1338 â `` 16 September 1380 -RRB- , called the Wise , was King of France from 1364 to his death in 1380 and a member of the House of Valois .
Dwight Pentecost suggests that given that Jesus often advocate to a mixed audience of believer and non-believers , he used fable to reveal the truth to some , but hide it from others .
Raw start from the Grand Ballroom at Manhattan Center Studios , a small New York City theater , and air live each week .
Continuing to rapidly compound , Guillermo make Category 5 strength August 4 .
George VI -LRB- Albert Frederick Arthur George ; 14 December 1895 â `` 6 February 1952 -RRB- was King of the United Kingdom and the district of the British Commonwealth from 11 December 1936 until his death .
As of 2000 , the population of Adams County was 18,643 .
Sexual fetishism may be regarded , e.g. in psychiatric medicine , as a disorder of sexual preference or as an raise element to a relationship causing a better sexual bond between the partners .
On 17 October 1821 , Sierra Leone territory becomes part of British West African Territories .
The executive head is the Chief Minister .
expectation of a threat to supply by a potential Hurricane Chris couple with high demand during an ongoing heat wave were cited as factors in the price move .
Henkel claim they were unaware of the deal and have no interest in Formula One ; the deal was allegedly made by a former Henkel employee on stolen company stationery for the purposes of short-change the company .
During his nearly 30 years service with the NZHRM , Dorus saved hundreds of people from swim at sea , becoming legendary long before his retirement .
The current president is Alexander Bedritsky and the current Secretary-General is Michel Jarraud .
In Canada , there is Pui Ying Christian Services Society under which Pui Ying College and 11 Chinese schools operate . Pui Ying graduate Associations can be found all over the world , e.g. in the USA , Canada , New Zealand , Australia , England , South Africa , Japan , Peru , Singapore , Thailand , Canton , Taishan , Jiangmen and Taiwan .
Masahiro Okamoto is a Japanese football player currently playing for JEF United Ichihara Chiba .
The diameter of Sycorax is estimated at 150 km -LRB- assuming albedo of 0.04 -RRB- making it the largest second satellite of Uranus , comparable in size with Puck and with Himalia , the biggest second satellite of Jupiter .
The Fraunhofer Institute for Molecular Biology and Applied Ecology IME take research in the field of applied life sciences from a molecular level to entire ecosystem .
On 5 April 2009 he succeeded Anders Fogh Rasmussen as Prime Minister following Anders Fogh Rasmussen 's appointment as Secretary General of NATO .
Richard briar was appointed OBE in 1989 , and CBE in 2003 .
I. A tropical cyclone may have moved into the Arklatex , as there was excessive flood in northern sections of Louisiana that August .
This breakdown of obsidian is speed by the presence of water .
Monterey is a city in Owen County , Kentucky , United States .
Er -LRB- Ð Ñ ; italics : Ð Ñ -RRB- is a letter of the Cyrillic ABC .
MoÅ ovce first developed as a royal settlement with a free advocacy , and from the middle the 14th century as a inside town subject to the royal castle of Blatnica .
Belmont 's first task was to campaign for James Buchanan in New York .
Dromornis had a huge bill and visit capable of great force but did not have the bill or hook of a carnivore .
She was a member of the National Honor Society , her school dance squad , and was a player in other extracurricular activities .
He was raised on one of the local farms and went by the name nick Young in his early years .
A hurricane passed offshore of Norfolk in late August , keeping ships at harbor but causing no damage .
In the House of Commons , Edmund Burke expressed the hope that the government would not put Arnold `` at the head of a part of a British army '' l `` the thought of true honor , which every British officer -LRB- holds -RRB- good than life , should be impaired . ''
However , after receiving the blood , all Burns does is send the family a card .
Emperor Kaika ; also known as Wakayamatonekohikooobi no Mikoto ; is the 9th emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of sequence .
The term `` hole '' is derived from the Swedish word for stairs -LRB- trappa , or sometimes trapp -RRB- , referring to the step-like hills forming the landscape of the region , which is typical of flood basalt .
Founded in 1902 , Real Madrid has never been break from La Liga , the top league of Spanish football .
The biggest association football clubs in Essen are Rot-Weiss Essen -LRB- Red-White Essen -RRB- and Schwarz-Weiss Essen -LRB- Black-White Essen -RRB- .
The Habsburg took over the castle in 1273 .
The most destructive species are Limnoria lignorum , L. tripunctata and L. quadripunctata .
Batista won the match after a Batista Bomb .
Males jog a willing female to start couple , and then deposit a spermatophore on the lake bottom .
Within the Greater Toronto Area , Markham is the fourth-most populous municipality after Toronto , Mississauga , and Brampton .
Franklin is one of the most honored artists by the Grammy Awards , with 18 competitive Grammys and two honorary Grammys .
For this film , Jeunet also gained a European Film Award for Best Director .
Born in Tackley in Oxfordshire , Rolfe Johnson studied with Ellis Keeler and Vera Rosza at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama .
The area around Ballan was part of the tribal area of the Wautharong people , part of the Kulin nation .
All the buses that serve the station also serve disk on the Hill station but not all as direct services .
Agnatha -LRB- Greek , `` no visit '' -RRB- is a superclass of jawless fish in the phylum Chordata , subphylum Vertebrata .
They were removed from the expose list in 1987 and Florida permitted selective hunting in 1988 .
As a result , the British edible dormouse population , now 10,000 strong , is hard in a 200 s triangle between Beaconsfield , Aylesbury and Luton .
Each section , except Infobox Ship Begin , can be repeated as necessary to support multiple careers , multiple sets of characteristics , etc. .
Duffel is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Bourdais won a fourth consecutive champion Car title in 2007 with victory at Lexmark Indy 300 on October 21 .
Saint-L Ã ger is a municipality of Belgium . It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Luxembourg Province .
Sir Hersch Lauterpacht -LRB- 16 August 1897 , Zhovkva , Austrian Galicia , Austria-Hungary -LRB- now in Ukraine -RRB- -- 8 May 1960 -RRB- was a member of the United Nations ' International Law Commission from 1952 to 1954 and a Judge of the International Court of Justice from 1955 to 1960 .
Land uses include broad acre pastoralism , bauxite and silica sand mining , nature reserves , tourism and fishing .
HombliÃ re is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Despite almost daily reports of missing property , he was able to duck capture until 15 February , when a man named Wimbow , who had been follow him with a partner for days , found him in an area of thick brush called Liberty field -LRB- near what is now the Concord\/Strathfield area of Sydney -RRB- and shot him .
The double leaves are brittle and strong to the touch in some species , easy in others .
En Avant de Guingamp -LRB- ; commonly referred to as EA Guingamp , EAG , or simply Guingamp -RRB- is a French association football club based in the communicate of Guingamp .
When breeding where there are no trees , the Bald Eagle will nest on the ground .
Tteok refers to all kind of rice bar made from either beat rice -LRB- ë '' ë -- , metteok -RRB- , beat sticky rice -LRB- ì ë -- , chaltteok -RRB- , or sticky rice left whole , without beat .
get -LRB- ` wgServer ' -RRB- = = ` https://secure.wikimedia.org' -RRB- mw .
In one game , the Bruins shut out Toronto 6 â `` 0 , while they lost the other game 8 â `` 0 .
The mermaid , or syrenka , is the symbol of Warsaw .
Glamorgan or Glamorganshire -LRB- or -RRB- is one of the 13 historic counties and a former administrative county of Wales .
They are accompanied by the contestants of Total Drama Island that did not qualify for Total Drama Action , as well as other previously-eliminated contestants .
Offshore , center between Land 's End and the isle of Scilly , is the supposed location of the fabulous lost land of Lyonesse , referred to in Arthurian literature .
After Melinda 's death , Bruce removed his old orange fan and was then given a new purple fan , thus officially joining Casaya and headed back to camp with them .
Tourism has been , and continues to be one of the more important economic enterprises for the municipality .
Sukkur City Taluka is an administrative section -LRB- taluka -RRB- of Sukkur District in the Sindh province of Pakistan , the city of Sukkur is the capital .
Likewise , all members of the Nesomyidae are often placed in the family Muridae along with all other members of the Muroidea .
The town was divided into 300 lots for future houses and its inhabitants were granted civil rights and free from taxes for seven years .
Though Ireland , Spain , France , and elsewhere featured significantly in the Counter-Reformation , its heart was Italy and the various pope of the time , who established the Index Librorum Prohibitorum -LRB- the list of out books -RRB- and the Roman Inquisition , a system of judicial court that engage heresy and related crime .
Industry : It has a small market and industry of handicrafts , metal product , furniture , brick and pottery .
Metal film resistance are usually surface with Ni Cr -LRB- NiCr -RRB- , but might be surface with any of the cermet materials listed above for thin film resistance . Unlike thin film resistance , the material may be applied using different techniques than skin -LRB- though that is one such technique -RRB- .
He has played for Japan national team .
In addition , the opponent has the choice either of accepting the table in position , or instead of having the balls and requiring the break player to repeat the opening break .
The country codes have been published as ISO 3166-1 since 1997 , when ISO 3166 was expanded into three parts to include codes for section and former countries .
Underground , subway and metro are common names for a form of mass transit public transport system use trains .
Ajac is a communicate in the Aude department in southern France .
Utsjoki has two official languages : Finnish and Northern Same . It is the municipality in Finland with the largest portion of Same speakers ; of the population .
The orbital speed at any position in the orbit can be figure from the distance to the central body at that position , and the specific orbital energy , which is independent of position : the kinetic energy is the total energy minus the potential energy .
lot who also hosted CBS Television test , the first television game show ever to be broadcast regularly .
ValrÃ as is a communicate in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeast France .
Psycho Circus is the 18th studio album by the American band Kiss .
The novel has also been dismissed by a number of literary critics as `` merely a sentimental novel , '' while critic George Whicher stated in his Literary History of the United States that `` Nothing attributable to Mrs. Stowe or her handiwork can account for the novel 's enormous style ; its author 's resources as a purveyor of Sunday-school fiction were not remarkable .
The DÃ il of the Irish Republic was succeeded in 1922 by the DÃ il of the Irish Free State .
He lives in Herne in the Ruhr with his wife and his dog .
Hazel blur was born in Salford on 14 May 1956 , the daughter of a maintenance set .
The University of Pittsburgh , commonly referred to as Pitt , is a state-related research university located in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States .
Early the next day both the Japan Meteorological Agency and the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration -LRB- PAGASA -RRB- designated the Tropical to-do as a Tropical Depression with PAGASA put the local name of Tropical Depression Milenyo , to the depression .
Baseball is a team sport which is played by several professional league throughout the world .
From April 1 , 2002 - December 31 , 2007 , the channel only air between 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM Eastern\/5 :00 AM and 5:00 PM Central , with The N air through the rest of the channel 's airtime .
The burning region is commonly referred to as the flame or flame front .
The government acquired the land from the Hudson 's Bay Company in 1870 and split it from the Northwest Territories in 1898 to fill the need for local government created by the population influx of the gold rush .
Ä smet Ä nÃ nÃ 1\/4 was by the standards of his time a highly educated man , speaking Arabic , English , French and German in addition to his native Turkish .
GÃ sta Ingvar Carlsson -LRB- born 9 November 1934 -RRB- is a Swedish politician , former Prime Minister of Sweden -LRB- 1986 â `` 1991 ; 1994 â `` 1996 -RRB- and leader of the Swedish Social Democratic Party -LRB- 1986 â `` 1996 -RRB- .
cover were traditionally made of wool because of wool 's heat , breathability and natural fire-retardant properties , while sheets were made of cotton or linen , which are less annoying to the skin . Nowadays , man-made character are frequently used for both .
They are also known by the names Ionian number , Milesian number -LRB- i.e. , from Miletus in Ionia -RRB- , Alexandrian number , or alphabetical number .
Many cells have food and other materials through a process of endocytosis , where the outer membrane introvert and then top off to form a cyst .
Nick Lars Heidfeld -LRB- born May 10 , 1977 in MÃ nchengladbach , West Germany -RRB- is a German racing driver , who currently races in Formula One for the Lotus Renault GP team as a replacement for the injured Robert Kubica .
Her translation was first published in 1949 .
Vion is a communicate in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
He describes the state of enlightenment using the emblem of Padmakumara , whom he place with Amitabha Buddha and his own clear self .
As Taoiseach for a second time FitzGerald recommend a relaxation of Irish society , to create what he called the non-sectarian nation of ` Tone and Davis ' .
During air raid the crew and cast had to scheme into bomb protection .
sunflower Interactive Entertainment Software GmbH was a German company that developed and published computer games .
The website was originally created in the late 1990s under the name The Jewish Student Online Research Center -LRB- JSOURCE -RRB- .
During Roman times , Bergli was probably a Roman fort .
Crass ' first release was The Feeding Of The 5000 , an 18 track 12 '' 45 rev EP on the Small Wonder label in 1978 .
If g is an antiderivative of Æ ' , then g and F have the same differential , by the first part of the theorem . It follows by the mean value theorem that there is a number c such that , for all x in -LRB- a , b -RRB- .
In the last week of July each year , Nyon hosts the PalÃ o Festival , the second largest outdoor festival in Europe -LRB- although technically the festival is in the village of L'Asse -RRB- .
East Fishkill is a town on the southern border of Dutch County , New York , United States .
As Gregor , Enola , Helen and the others land on the island and find past line of civilization , including the frame of Enola 's parents , they begin to start civilization anew on the island , but the Jack decides to leave .
Brought up in a household with strong Anglican evangelical beliefs -LRB- the family attended St Jude 's , Southsea for matins and vespers every Sunday as well as week-day meetings -RRB- , experiencing Portsmouth 's slum and bob as a young constable had an effect on Young .
Established in 1950 , WMO became the narrow agency of the United Nations for meteorology -LRB- weather and climate -RRB- , operational hydrology and related geophysical sciences .
Schools in the county are managed by St. Lucie County Public Schools .
In 1988 , Georgia Tech named its stadium Bobby Dodd Stadium in honor of the legendary coach .
He was awarded UNESCO 's Kalinga Prize for the popularization of science in 1953 , the Darwin Medal of the Royal Society in 1956 , and the Darwinâ `` Wallace Medal of the Linnean Society in 1958 .
Leuggelbach is a village and former municipality in the quarter of Glarus , Switzerland .
The Legislature meets at the NE State Capitol in the City of Lincoln , Lancaster County .
Iodic acid is a relatively strong acid with a pKa of 0.75 . It is strongly oxidizing in acid solution , less so in basic solution .
The Commonwealth Parliament Offices in Sydney are located in Phillip Street .
Numerous proposals have been made for alternative base units of measured time .
As of 31 December 2004 , it had a population of 15,557 and an area of 76.9 kmÂ .
Only seven people attended his funeral .
As of 2000 , the population was 141,685 .
Akutan is located at .
She is known for her roles as Strawberry Alice , the madame whore in Unforgiven -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , directed by Clint Eastwood ; and Ruth DeWitt Bukater , the mother of Kate Winslet 's character in Titanic -LRB- 1997 -RRB- ; directed by James Cameron .
To meet both the Iranian and British authorities , the couple were married three times , once in Iran and twice in the UK , in the Iranian Embassy as well as in a regular UK civil ceremony ; they have five children .
At the 17th session -LRB- February 1978 -RRB- of the related UN\/ECE Group of Experts agreed that the three-letter alphabetical codes for International Standard ISO 4217 , `` Codes for the representation of currency and funds '' , would be suitable for use in international trade .
Majority of the illegal small arms make its way into the states of Bihar , Chhattisgarh , Uttar Pradesh , Jharkhand , Orissa and Madhya Pradesh .
YÅ `` ryaku is remembered as a supporter of sericulture .
Daniel Claiborne Hudson -LRB- born March 9 , 1987 in Lynchburg , Virginia -RRB- is a Major League Baseball starting pitcher for the Arizona Diamondbacks .
I felt it should have been done by an outside panel , not by my competitors . ''
She was also a noted lied singer and a number of her Salzburg Festival reading were recorded .
Its most familiar modern uses are in the fields of transport , building and construction , communications , function , and the definition of legal boundaries for land ownership .
Preston North End Football Club is an English professional football club located in the Deepdale area of the city of Preston , Lancashire , currently playing in the second tier of English league football , The Championship . They were a found member of the English Football League in 1888 and were the first English football champions .
Le Grand-Abergement is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
The trap was man at all times in shifts that the Air Force called `` Flights '' .
franklin , franklin Fresh and franklin Big Fresh also launched their websites that year .
FranÃ ois Duvalier -LRB- April 14 , 1907 - April 21 , 1971 -RRB- was the President of Haiti from 1957 until his death in 1971 .
The main economic activitiy is the copper mine of Mina Mexicana de Cobre , S.A de C. V , which use most of the labor force -LRB- 3,012 workers in 2000 -RRB- .
The capital is Panama City .
First air July 12 , 2010 -LRB- 0.646 M viewers -RRB-
ChÃ cents tillon-l Ã s-Sons is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The first former constable to be appointed Commissioner of Police of the City of London , in March 1950 , Young trench there his reputation as `` the officer 's officer '' .
Metroid Prime 3 : Corruption is a first-person action-adventure game developed by Retro Studios and published by Nintendo for the Wii video game console .
Collard Bridge marks the start of an 8 m climb , mainly at one in fifty , to Blackmoor Gate .
Clunes station was opened in the same year .
Kingdom Hearts : Chain of Memories was remake for the PlayStation 2 , titled Kingdom Hearts Re : Chain of Memories .
Sometimes , the partially decay wood race ashore , where it also protection birds , plants , and other species .
The county borders onto Derbyshire to the north-west , Nottinghamshire to the north , Rutland to the east , Warwickshire to the south-west , Staffordshire to the west , Lincolnshire to the north-east , and Northamptonshire to the south-east .
Meanwhile , RÃ hm and several of his company went away on holiday at a resort in Bad Wiessee .
This marks the end of the Sun 's main sequence lifetime , and thereafter it will develop into a red giant .
Many saw the film as a tie hit for its relatively unknown cast and modest-budget production , while achieving success and popularity during its representation run .
Selah is a city in Yakima County , Washington , United States .
He demonstrated that with simple move of these colors , and experiment with the balance of various square surfaces one can achieve extremely different atmosphere and various feelings .
The Society is based at Burlington House , Piccadilly , London .
1980 -LRB- MCMLXXX -RRB- was a spring year that started on a Tuesday .
On June 6 , 2000 , ten days before the movie was released , at the SuperComm 2000 tradeshow , the movie was see simultaneously at the trade show in Atlanta , Georgia as well as a screen in Los Angeles , California .
Orton then attempted to use Undertaker 's own finishing play against him with the Tombstone piledriver , however , it was turn by Undertaker into a Tombstone piledriver of his own which led to the classic pin fall .
Soest is located along the Hellweg road , approximately 23 km south-west of Lippstadt , roughly 50 km east of Dortmund and roughly 50 km west of Paderborn .
The compound is prepared by treating Se with Cl : When the respond Se is heated , the product sublime from the reaction flask .
Hoeven served as the 31st Governor of North Dakota , serving from December 15 , 2000 to December 7 , 2010 .
Thoroughgood 's choice of residence after 1634 was along the Lynnhaven River , also named for his home in England .
, the host often offered lead and suggestions when the panel was off in the wrong direction , or when an answer might be misleading .
In 1989 , he reactivated the far-right All-Polish Youth organization , becoming its chairman ; he remains honorary chairman to this day .
A tough player who fought often , Bakovic spent three seasons playing minor pro in the Flames ' system without seeing an NHL game .
In late summer , its peapod-like seed capsule burst open , often with an audible pop , spreading seed from the parent plant .
Glemsford is a village in the Babergh district in Suffolk , England , near the town of Sudbury .
Romania had been allied with the Central Powers since 1882 .
The SNCF -LRB- SociÃ tÃ Nationale des Chemins de fer franÃ ai ; `` French National Railway Corporation '' -RRB- , is France 's national state-owned railway company .
The sandbox notice can also help showing and hiding other things depending on if it find it is on the \/ sandbox page or not .
In the spring the Iroquois clear , and in the winter fishing holes were made in the ice .
This set became the primary set for risk ! on September 14 , 2009 .
RenÃ Adler -LRB- born 15 January 1985 in Leipzig -RRB- is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper in the German Bundesliga for aspirin Leverkusen and for the German national team .
golfer play at the course of the Euroa Golf Club on Walter Road .
He was a student of Aaron Copland and John Corigliano , and is best known for his distinctive style and ability to go various musical styles and techniques in original and imaginative ways .
Xanax -LRB- trade name Xanax , among others -RRB- is a strong short-acting drug of the benzodiazepine class .
The escarpment -LRB- informally known as ` the mountain ' -RRB- is home to a section of the Bruce Trail .
The Game Boy Player is a device released in 2003 by Nintendo for the GameCube which enable Game Boy -LRB- although Super Game Boy enhancement are ignored -RRB- , Game Boy Color , or Game Boy Advance magazine to be played on a television .
Barneveld is served by Connexxion at two train stations . The Barneveld Centrum railway station in the Barneveld town center and the Barneveld Noord railway station in the village of Harselaar .
He noticed that the dogs run to drool before food was actually delivered to their talk , and set out to investigate this `` psychic secretion '' , as he called it .
opening Alchemica -LRB- English : alchemical door -RRB- , or chemistry Gate or Magic Portal , is an ancient memorial built between 1678 and 1680 by Massimiliano Palombara marquis of Pietraforte -LRB- 1614-1680 -RRB- in his residence , Palombara villa , located in the east of Rome on the Esquilino hill in a position almost corresponding to place Vittorio , where today was placed .
The show ran for two complete seasons and a third , shortened season -LRB- knight `` The Lost Episodes '' -RRB- .
These standard abbreviation can be found at the IPNI , Author question page .
Cable cars and chair wind carry skiers in the winter and tramp in the summer ; the highest of them leads to the Klein Matterhorn at 3,883 m , a peak on the ridge between Breithorn and Matterhorn that offers spectacular views in all directions .
The Love Guru is a 2008 American comedy film , directed by Marco Schnabel and starring Mike Myers and Jessica Alba along with Roma Malco and Justin Timberlake .
The third match featured The Undertaker and Randy Orton .
Use to add pages to this category .
He also sought to have the People 's Republic of China recognized by the United Nations after the Nationalist government was exile to Taiwan , arguing that the People 's Republic was the only government that could meet the membership responsibility in full .
Recently , trends are emerging to create hybrid models that combine aspects of both .
The Kunar meets the Kabul near Jalalabad .
The Parnassius romance larvae make a thin cocoon for pupation and they pupate near the ground surface between dust .
Ã vin-Malmaison is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Private Bill necessary for construction was introduced into Parliament in 1955 .
Hilo 's location on the eastern side of the island of Hawaii -LRB- windward relative to the trade winds -RRB- makes it the tight city in the United States and one of the tight cities in the world .
Toward the end of the Three land period , Lady began to wear full-length ring and hip-length crown belt at the waist and Lord began to wear roommate trousers bound in at the ankle and a narrow , tunic-style jacket cuff at the wrist and belt at the waist .
After an unsuccessful attempt to hire the German director , Wilhelm FurtwÃ ngler , the English director John Barbirolli and the Polish director Artur RodziÅ ski were joint switch for Toscanini in 1936 .
There was no Reward Challenge due to tribal mix .
Percy and Beckendorf protest to no help .
Large surface vessels were few in number due to construction limitations by international treaty prior to 1935 .
Haillicourt is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
1945 saw the end of armed conflict , but the company was waste by the war .
This was the first discovery of coal in Victoria .
It is 90 km -LRB- 56 mi -RRB- from Ketchikan , 11 km -LRB- seven mi -RRB- from Craig , and 39 km -LRB- 24 mi -RRB- from Hollis .
The video made its television debut on June 12 on TRL with the visit and interview by Perry in set show .
Although she was never part of her family 's singing group , she gained success as a solo country music artist in the 1970s and 1980s .
When the player also coast his or her hand under a ball that is almost touching the court , this is called a `` pancake '' .
The name is derived from railroad part .
Arlo Davy Guthrie -LRB- born July 10 , 1947 -RRB- is an American folk singer . Like his father , Woody Guthrie , Arlo often talk songs of protest against social injustice .
JÃ lio CÃ sar Baptista -LRB- born 1 October 1981 -RRB- is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Spanish La Liga team MÃ laga CF as an attacking midfielder .
The Los Angeles Clippers are a professional basketball team based in Los Angeles , California , United States . They play in the Pacific Division of the Western Conference of the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- .
In 1964 Liberty Mutual began offering life insurance through its Liberty Life authority Branch .
In spite of their enormous size , baleen giant are able to spring completely out of the water .
Friedrich Kurt Fiedler -LRB- 8 March 1894 -- 11 November 1950 -RRB- was a German graphic designer and a representative of the Social Democratic Party .
This was altered in 1926 to the Grand Priory in the British Realm of the august Order of the Hospital of Saint John of Jerusalem , and then in 1936 as the Grand Priory in the British Realm of the Most august Order of the Hospital of Saint John of Jerusalem .
However , various later Ibadi leaders are recognized as true imam , including Abdullah ibn Yahya al-Kindi of South Arabia and the imam of the Rustamid dynasty in North Africa .
On 7 December 2004 , at a meeting attended by the chief of all the teams but Ferrari , Ecclestone offered a payout of Â # 260,000,000 over three years in return for whole replacement of the Concorde Agreement , which would guarantee the sequel of Formula One in its present form at least until the going of that contract .
It was named for Henry Morrison Flagler , a famous railroad builder who built the Florida East Coast Railway .
In 1941 , it was to the forward of German invaders to spread the â pure German knowledgeâ of national socialist character in occupied France .
The body for coach 17 was built in 1911 , by local firm Shapland and Petter , and mounted on a steel frame constructed by the railway in its own shop at Pilton .
Located in the former Jewish district of Wadi Abu Jamil it was abandoned after Israeli beat destroyed the temple during the Lebanese Civil War .
The area lies within the historic county boundaries of Yorkshire , though it couple the ceremony counties of North Yorkshire , West Yorkshire and Cumbria .
A further non-championship event took place at Imola in 1979 , which was won by Niki Lauda for Brabhamâ `` Alfa Romeo .
Major secondary schools are the Nepomucenum , the Heriburg-Gymnasium and the St.-Pius-Gymnasium .
The first production Model T was produced on August 12 , 1908 and left the factory on September 27 , 1908 , at the Piquette Plant in Detroit , Michigan . On May 26 , 1927 , Henry Ford watched the 15 millionth Model T Ford roll off the assembly line at his factory in Highland Park , Michigan .
The Hasmonean kingdom was a conscious attempt to repair the Judah described in the Bible : a Jewish monarchy ruled from Jerusalem and load over all the territories once ruled by David and Solomon .
The departments are further divided into 41 arrondissements , and 133 communicate .
He also remained Minister for Finance of Griffith 's republican administration .
They have been referred to as Germany 's most successful pop duo , and have had a number of hit singles reaching the top-5 in many countries .
Vernon is a city in Lamar County , Alabama , United States .
Earlier , Herman had joined the cast of John Leguizamo 's House of Buggin in 1994 ; however , that show was short-lived .
It is tree-like in habit , which is reflected in its common names : Joshua tree , Yucca palm , Tree yucca , and Palm tree yucca .
poco a poco are used , where poco a poco read as little by little .
The minbar is usually shaped like a small tower with a pointed roof and stairs leading up to it .
The Red Hot chile pepper was formed by Anthony Kiedis , Hillel Slovak , Flea , and Jack press while they attended Fairfax High School in Los Angeles , U.S.A. Originally under the nickname of Tony Flow & the Miraculously royal Masters of havoc , their first performance was at the Rhythm couch to a crowd of approximately thirty people , opening for Gary and Neighbor 's Voices .
Like many other Mesozoic birds such as Ichthyornis , Hesperornis had teeth in its bill which were used to hold target -LRB- most likely fish -RRB- .
Wertham 's views on mass media have largely shadow his broader concerns with violence and with protecting children from psychological harm .
The N-Gage is a mobile telephone and hand-held game system by Nokia , based on the Nokia Series 60 platform , released in October 2003 .
It is known from a well preserved partial frame that includes four long square on the tail , composed of a central back and web .
fairy cut into a tropical depression along the north coast of the Gulf of Mexico .
Reported as saying he resigned as Shadow Minister for Higher Education .
Regis Catholic High School was a Catholic high school in Cedar rapid , Iowa , located at 735 Prairie Drive NE .
There is some debate about how the Chippewa traded for or found these case , so far inland and so far north , very distant from the natural habitat .
He applies the traditional facial set to give himself a morbid look and even gets a tattoo of a calavera skull on his left arm to celebrate the occasion , a inspired from an Aztec temple bearing the same design . After getting the tattoo , Diego eagerly calls his friends to see if they are to celebrate at the upcoming festival .
On May 1 , 1999 , the embattled musician wrote his Rolling Stone magazine op-ed piece `` Columbine : Whose Fault Is It ? ''
She appeared in eleven films between 1911 and 1918 .
CrÃ vecÅ `` ur-en-Auge is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
Jesse and Leslie find an abandoned treehouse and a broken down truck on the other side , and manufacture a new world , which Leslie names `` Terabithia . ''
The creation of this journal inspired Gabriel Monod to found the French review historique in 1876 .
The linguist George L. Trager developed a classification system which consists of the voice set , voice qualities , and voice .
The Trans-Asian Railway -LRB- Jack -RRB- is a project to create an integrated load railway network across Europe and Asia .
The image field is for an image of the performance of the song .
He told the band to look at the stars , which they did .
The existence of bow was difficult to explain because the laws of motion would predict that bow would spread out into a uniform ring over very short timescales .
The BBC Sports Personality of the Year Lifetime Achievement Award is an award given annually as part of the BBC Sports Personality of the Year ceremony each December .
Like several previous years , the band participated in the warp Tour , although they decided only to perform on the tour 's west coast swing from August 6 to August 17 .
Commonly known as cottonwood , the species are native to North America , Europe and western Asia .
It is primarily low-lying , which is one explanation for the name which the French gave unto it , as Basseterre read to `` low land '' in English .
It has been released as is , with no support , and is currently available to download from the 3DRealms FTP .
Bran Castle , situated near Bran and in the immediate neighborhood of BraÅ ov , is a national memorial and landmark in Romania .
Grillon is a communicate in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeast France .
legend for the image to be displayed .
John Calvin was a French divine and doctor of law turned Protestant crusader .
Calcutta was declared a Presidency City , and later became the headquarters of the Bengal Presidency .
If it 's good enough to take to your shrink , it 's good enough to make a song of . ''
Germ-X products are manufactured by Vi-Jon lab , based in St. Louis , Missouri .
It will not do to say that -LRB- Secretary of War -RRB- Stanton suggested those words after Lincoln 's return to Washington , for the words were cable by at least three reporters on the afternoon of the delivery . ''
The more western of these is Cross Island Road , one of the few roads cutting north to south across the middle of the island to the south coast of Upolu .
Tickets that can be used repeatedly until their death date require a minimum amount of stored credit .
Seol Ki-Hyeon or Seol Ki-Hyun -LRB- ; born 8 January 1979 in Jeongseon , Gangwon -RRB- is a South Korean professional footballer who plays for Ulsan Hyundai as a winger or striker .
The British Rail Class 202 -LRB- or 6L -RRB- diesel-electric multiple units were built from 1957-58 at Eastleigh and Ashford Works .
Upon completion , May 20 , 1930 , the added height of the spire allowed the Chrysler Building to pass 40 Wall Street as the tall building in the world and the Eiffel Tower as the tall structure .
Le MÃ riot is a communicate in the Aube department in north-central France .
The House of Commons was originally far less powerful than the House of Lords , but today its legislative powers greatly top those of the Lords .
One challenge in vaccine development is economic : many of the diseases most demanding a vaccine , including HIV , malaria and TB , exist mainly in poor countries .
In addition to having a large central bean , a common feature is smaller bean that exist off-center over the prayer hall or throughout the rest of the mosque , where prayer is not performed .
The islands of Trindade and Martim Vaz , 715 k East of VitÃ ria in the Southern Atlantic Ocean , also belong to Espirito Santo state .
Brass is an metal of copper and zinc ; the balance of zinc and copper can be varied to create a range of face with change properties .
The Guinness World Records lists the original Star Trek as having the largest number of spin-offs among all TV series in history .
The extension is an extra section of fingerboard mounted up over the head of the bass .
The first recorded use of byzantium as a color name in English was in 1926 .
When no resistance are left in the circuit , full line voltage is applied directly to the motor .
The Beatles `` came to us for advice about their songs and how to deal with fame and other important matters , '' Cadigan says .
The American Mathematical Society -LRB- Am -RRB- is an association of professional mathematician dedicated to the interests of mathematical research and scholarship , which it does with various publications and conferences as well as annual monetary awards and prizes to mathematician .
The United Arab Emirates national football team represents United Arab Emirates in association football and is controlled by the United Arab Emirates Football Association , the governing body for football in United Arab Emirates .
The penguin finally won 3 â `` 2 in the fourth overtime period .
Isaac Bashevis Singer -LRB- ; November 21 , 1902 -LRB- see notes below -RRB- â `` July 24 , 1991 -RRB- was a Jewish American author noted for his short stories . He was one of the leading figures in the Yiddish literary movement , and received the Nobel Prize in literature in 1978 .
The first argument is the text of one of the bot guide below .
The Airport Express also offers flight check-in facilities at Kowloon Station and Hong Kong Station â `` the in-town check-ins offers a more convenient and time-saving routine ; a free bird bus service send travellers from these stations to their respective hotels as well .
On January 29 , 1946 , Arnold was named mayor of DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf and later elected in the first free elections -LRB- October 26 , 1946 -RRB- .
This ended short in March 2002 , amidst sheet press guess on gig ' infidelity with choreographer Wade Robson , a mutual friend of gig and Timberlake .
William Pitt 's saying that `` America was won in Germany '' referred to the Prussian war effort , which enabled Great Britain to keep her continental commitment limited and focus on her `` blue water policy , '' successfully establishing naval domination .
Maisoncelles-du-Maine is a communicate in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
whip Young fellow was a Canadian extreme metal band formed by Devin Townsend in Vancouver , British Columbia , in 1994 .
He currently does the voice over to the new Guinness ads with the penguin .
Therefore , elements with the same number of valence electron are group together in the occasional table of the elements .
IPA a : link , .
Kuala Lumpur is the seat of the Parliament of Malaysia .
plaster can be made from fresh hyssop to help heal wounds .
He also give this murder to test his own guess that some people are naturally capable of , and even have the right to , do such things .
In 2003 , JR Central reported that the Shinkansen 's average arrival time was within six seconds of the scheduled time .
Gorduno is a municipality in the district of Bellinzona in the quarter of Ticino in Switzerland .
The Pakistan Rangers are part of the paramilitary force command , and consists of members of the Pakistan Army under the direct control of the Ministry of the Interior of the Pakistan Government .
Saint-Germain-le-Guillaume is a communicate in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Her younger half-sister , Sarah Burney -LRB- 1772 â `` 1844 -RRB- , also became a novelist , publishing seven works of fiction of her own .
The activities of these pope co-occur with a rediscovery of the ancient Christian catacombs in Rome .
In 1837 , Belmont traveled to Havana to manage the Rothschild 's Cuban interests .
A catalyst may participate in multiple chemical shift .
PokÃ Monday Pinball is a pinball-based PokÃ Monday spin-off video game for the Game Boy Color .
The name line back to Plato 's school of philosophy , founded approximately 385 BC at Akademia , a asylum of Athena , the goddess of wisdom and skill , north of Athens , Greece .
This absorption to sterling did not however happen in British India itself .
In 1881 , the principality was raised to a kingdom and Prince Carol became King Carol I.
Gable 's widow , Kay , commented to Louella minister that it had been the `` eternal waiting '' on the set of The Misfits that had contributed to his death , though she did not name Monroe .
harry by health problems , Fitzgerald made her last recording in 1991 and her last public performances in 1993 .
The Navajo Nation , most of which lies within Arizona , does observe day saving time , although the Hopi Nation , as well as some Arizona state offices lying within the Navajo Nation , do not .
The JavaScript virtual machine was considered a sufficiently important project to be split off -LRB- as was Adobe\/Mozilla 's Tamarin -RRB- and handled by a separate team in Denmark matching by Lars Bak at Aarhus .
Grand canon West Airport is ...
This is usually replaced by B-flat major , since A-sharp major has 10 sharp .
Jand Tehsil is one of the six tehsils -LRB- section -RRB- of Attock District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
If you continue , you may be blocked from editing Wikipedia .
Although it was created to determine which subsidiary language of a wide field of competition was best suited for international communication , it eventually determined that none of them was up to the task and developed its own language , Interlingua .
The National Register of Historic Places -LRB- NRHP -RRB- is the United States government 's official list of districts , sites , buildings , structures , and objects deemed worthy of preservation .
Built in the Norman style , it was 111 m -LRB- 364.173 ft -RRB- long and give in white and red lines .
Many came to this region after Battle of shoe Bend in 1814 .
Paulo Isidoro , full name Paulo Isidoro de Jesus , -LRB- born August 3 , 1953 in Belo Horizonte -RRB- was a Brazilian footballer .
Its source is just 240 km -LRB- 150 mi -RRB- inland from the Atlantic Ocean , but the river runs away from the sea into the Sahara Desert , then takes a sharp right turn near the ancient city of Timbuktu -LRB- Tombouctou -RRB- and heads southeast to the Gulf of Guinea .
The album reached # 2 on the Oricon charts within a day from the release .
draw in the city include the Gambian National Museum , the Albert Market , Banjul State House , Banjul Court House , African Heritage Museum , two cathedral and several major mosque .
Between 30 and 50 eggs are bank into the hole that the female shot up before it is covered over carefully .
In December of that year , Coldplay signed to the independent label rough Panda .
Brockton , along with Plymouth , are the county seats of Plymouth County .
The film was distributed by 20th Century Fox , and directed by Larry Charles .
The NFL 's Tampa Bay pirate and the NHL 's Tampa Bay Lightning call Tampa home , while the Tampa Bay Rays of Major League Baseball play across the bay in St. Petersburg .
The Age newspaper said that with The martyr & the Witness , the band `` returns to their punk roots . ''
Hank lives in Arlen , Texas and works at the fictional Strickland Propane selling propane and propane add-on .
The prison was near , though not part of , the Renaissance-era Spandau Citadel fort .
This is a list of the Nick Jr. original series , Team Umizoomi episodes .
In Jacksonville , the stadium was padlock shut without warning on game day , by order of the city 's Parks and Public Property director .
Peat deposits also pose major difficulties to builder of structures , roads , and railway , as they are highly compressible under even small loads .
It is the county seat of Seminole County .
Katsumi Oenoki is a former Japanese football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player .
The Napoleonic Wars ended following nap 's final defeat at Waterloo on 18 June 1815 and the Second Treaty of Paris .
American Sign Language , or ASL , for a time also called Ameslan , is the dominant sign language of Deaf Americans , including deaf communities in the United States , in the English-speaking parts of Canada , and in some regions of Mexico .
He filmed and has an incredible archive about well known Armenian , including the only film footage on Hovhannes Shiraz , incredible footage on Charles Aznavour visiting Armenia after the 1988 earthquake , the funeral of William Saroyan -LRB- 1908 - 1981 -RRB- .
Another common method of cooling is break an object to ice , dry ice , or liquid N .
He served in this post until 2009 . In February 2008 , the orchestra announced the appointment of Markus Stenz as its second and next principal guest director , starting in 2009 .
A tricolor or tricolor -LRB- three colors -RRB- is a flag or banner more-or-less equally divided -LRB- horizontally , vertically , or , less frequently , diagonally -RRB- into three bands of disagree colors .
Few force formed this season , but it was very consequential .
During his two terms , he led mediation between Britain and Argentina in the wake of the Falklands War and promoted the efforts of the Contadora Group to bring peace and stability to Central America .
Campello is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the quarter of Ticino in Switzerland .
However , his efforts failed and the rising was met with a harsh Macedonian reaction .
Emperor Annei ; also known as shikitsuhikotamatemi no Mikoto ; was the 3rd emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of sequence .
She began playing international hockey for Canada at the 2004 Four Nations Cup .
The flavor of matcha is dominated by its amino acid .
He has been seat into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame twice ; once as a member of The con -LRB- 1992 -RRB- , and once as a member of Led Zeppelin -LRB- 1995 -RRB- .
In 1997 , Mark Stoneking stated : `` These results -LRB- based on mitochondrial DNA pull from Neanderthal bone -RRB- indicate that Neanderthal did not contribute mitochondrial DNA to modern humansâ Neanderthal are not our root '' .
It is possible to restore an old version of a page by following the link to that version , click `` edit '' and then saving .
He was replaced by former Rainbow singer Ronnie James Dio .
James William Reiher , Jr. -LRB- born September 1 , 1971 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler and the son of professional wrestler `` Superfly '' Jimmy Snuka .
Alvaneu -LRB- Romansh : Alvagni -RRB- is a municipality in the district of Albula in the quarter of GraubÃ 1\/4 nden in Switzerland .
In the sport of camogie it is often called a camogie stick .
Mount Rushmore National Memorial is a grave carved into the granite face of Mount Rushmore near key , South Dakota , in the United States .
M \* A \* S \* H is an American television series developed by Larry Gelbart , adapted from the 1970 feature film romance -LRB- which was itself based on the 1968 novel romance : A Novel About Three Army Doctors , by Richard Hooker -RRB- .
1994 -LRB- MCMXCIV -RRB- was a common year that started on a Saturday .
A tubule is a very small tube or fistular structure .
The name Centreville was replaced In 1887 by the more popular `` Chilliwhack . '' The area was incorporated in 1908 as a separate municipality , the City of Chilliwack .
The fine print at the end of the show break that contestants were also paid an appearance fee .
He is known for his enthusiasm for garden and keeping and breeding newt .
There is also rumor that Nyx gave birth to her rebirth , a son whose name would also be Nyx .
She was loaded onto the ship Virginie on the 8th of August , 1873 , to be carry to New Caledonia where she arrived 4 months later .
Traditionally , areas of tropical cyclone formation are divided into eight basin .
1986 saw the release of Sub Pop 's -LRB- the '' - terranean '' was dropped earlier from the name -RRB- first L-P : the Sub Pop 100 .
As of the 2000 census , the population of the city is 14,762 .
He is sound by and generally based on series co-creator 3 Parker .
Fred Figglehorn -LRB- stylized on webpage and on T-shirts as FÐ ED -RRB- is a fictional character created and present by American actor Lucas Cruikshank . Cruikshank , a teenager from Columbus , NE , created the character for his channel on the video-sharing website YouTube .
The new La Mina Tribe won the Reward Challenge and was give a lot and fishing supplies .
British Rail Class D2\/1 was a engine commission by British Rail in England .
The Aldeburgh Festival is an English arts festival devoted mainly to classical music .
The shield vent , Olympus Monday -LRB- Mount Olympus -RRB- , at 27 km is the highest known mountain in the Solar System .
Le Sueur was named to positions at Dijon -LRB- 1779 -RRB- , Le world -LRB- 1782 -RRB- , then at Tours -LRB- 1783 -RRB- before he succeeded Roze at the Saints-Innocents at Paris .
place are designated by three separate forecast centers : the National Hurricane Center , Central Pacific Hurricane Center and Joint Typhoon Warning Center .
Johannes Ockeghem was treasurer at that institution , and the two composer seem to have known each other well .
Other faith found in India are also represented in significant numbers in the city .
For more information , see the main article Leaf vegetable , and the list of plants with edible leaves .
In March 1939 , Aberdeen changed the black and gold colors to red and white , reflect the silver and red colors of the official City of Aberdeen arms .
Asbarez Newspaper began publication in August 1908 in Fresno as a weekly .
There are ruins and end signs of the colonial presence in the city .
hurry is high throughout the year -LRB- annual averageâ '' 1324 mm -RRB- , with occasional snow .
Gadsden County is a county located in the panhandle of the U.S. state of Florida .
After his professional baseball career ended , Richard became involved in unsuccessful business deals and went through two divorce , which led to him being homeless and free in 1994 .
He spent the balance of his career at Columbia University where he was successively assistant professor of biology -LRB- 1891 â `` 94 -RRB- , professor of spineless fauna -LRB- 1894 â `` 1897 -RRB- , and professor of fauna -LRB- from 1897 -RRB- .
A hurricane passed by the Cayman Islands in early September .
amir are usually considered high-ranking sheikh , but in monarchical states the term is also used for prince , with `` Emirate '' being correspondent to principality in this sense .
Events such as the Tito-Stalin split and Berlin stop move hard-and-fast control from Moscow .
On the morning of September 16 , or Independence Day , the national military parade starts in the ZÃ calo , passes the Hidalgo Memorial and ends on the walk de la Reforma , Mexico Cityâ s main avenue .
Despite its huge size , its thin and thin visit make it physically incapable and impossible to have a large animal , especially a human being .
Sergio Ariel Escudero -LRB- born 10 February 1964 -RRB- is a former Argentine-Japanese football player .
A general laxity in security and the absence of armed protection give the Yugoslav sovereign when it was common knowledge that one attempt had already been made on Alexander 's life show to PaveliÄ 's organizational abilities ; he had apparently been able to buy a high official in the SÃ '' retÃ General .
A highly eroded plateau is called a analyze plateau .
AimÃ Ã tienne Jacquet -LRB- born November 27 , 1941 -RRB- is a French football coach and former player , and manager of the France national football team when they won the 1998 FIFA World Cup .
Saint-Dalmas-le-Selvage is a communicate in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeast France .
The present-day lime were replanted in the 1950s , they are affected by air pollution as well as by soil pollution .
Marant is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Maya cities of the northern lowland in YucatÃ n continued to wave for centuries more ; some of the important sites in this era were Chichen Itza , Uxmal , EdznÃ , and Coba .
A common foliar disease of basil is gray work caused by Botrytis cinerea ; it can also cause infection post-harvest and is capable of killing the entire plant .
She helped train and played the top board for the United States women 's team at the 2004 cheat Olympics held in October in Majorca , Spain .
Many difficult users have left within 2 years of joining Wikipedia , as they struggled to gain more power , but were continually ignored or rejected .
The aim is to detect birth fault such as nervous tube fault , Down syndrome , chromosome abnormalities , genetic diseases and other conditions , such as spina bifida , stick palate , Tay Sachs disease , sickle cell anemia , thalassemia , cystic fibrosis , and thin x syndrome .
A Coast Guard patrol boat was deployed offshore for search and rescue .
He scored his first goal on November 24 , 2007 in the match versus SC Altach .
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial part of the Software .
ChampgenÃ teux is a communicate in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Ice Road Truckers is a documentary-style reality television series that premier on The History Channel -LRB- now known simply as History -RRB- on June 17 , 2007 .
White flower types are also work .
Clinical trials with Al patients showed that Riluzole lengthen survival by several months , and may have a greater survival benefit for those with a bulbar attack .
Rheydt is a borough of the German city MÃ nchengladbach , located in the west of North Rhine-Westphalia .
By 1937 Schoep 's Ice Cream had grown in local popularity and E. B. Schoephoester sold his company to Peter B. Thomsen , a butter maker .
He was taken to the Washington College Hospital , where he died on Sunday , October 7 , 1849 , at 5:00 in the morning .
Early chansons run to be in one of the make get -- ballade , rondo or virelai -LRB- formerly the chanson baladÃ e -RRB- -- though some composer later set popular poetry in a variety of forms .
square Linux contains GTK + applications , such as AbiWord and Pidgin .
grove is a city in Mitchell County , Iowa , United States .
The peninsula is almost 180 by 60 miles -LRB- 300 by 100 km -RRB- , and is march by the Chesapeake Bay on the west , and the DE River , DE Bay , and Atlantic Ocean on the east .
Over 25 t of gold was mine from 1857 to the close of the mine in 1914 .
The star Ballerina Assoluta of the Royal Ballet is the late lady Margot Fonteyn .
If so , it is the oldest synapsid known , though its status is unconfirmed because its remains were fragmentary .
The United States federal executive departments are among the oldest primary units of the executive branch of the federal government of the United States -- the Departments of State , War , and the Treasury all being established within a few weeks of each other in 1789 .
Construction of this facility was underway , with the first manufacturing line expected to be fully operational in 2009 .
Other major rivers are Siret , Olt , and MureÅ .
Red Pikmin are the basic type , though more powerful than the other two change and immune to fire . Yellow Pikmin can be thrown higher than the other two and can carry explosive called `` bombs rocks '' , while blue Pikmin are the only ones that can survive in water .
Republican Party candidate and incumbent President George W. Bush defeated Democratic Party candidate John Kerry , the then-junior U.S. Senator from Massachusetts .
The school shop students to take part in inter-school competition and Courses for give Students offered by educational institutions , such as The Chinese University of Hong Kong and The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology .
This and other observations of acquired resistance were later work by Louis Pasteur in his development of vaccination and his proposed source theory of disease .
Hironobu Haga is a Japanese footballer .
Littleton became widely known in 1999 when the Columbine High School massacre occurred at nearby Columbine High School , which the news media mistakenly reported as being located in the city . The school is actually located in Columbine , an unincorporated community in Jefferson County , yet in a nothing code associated primarily with Littleton .
The ground was first used by the original Aberdeen F.C. in 1899 , in a 7 â `` 1 win over Dumbarton ; when they mix with two other teams in 1903 , the new club took over the old Aberdeen ground .
The American Standard Code for Information change -LRB- ASCII , -RRB- is a character-encoding scheme based on the ordering of the English ABC .
Juno Beach is home to the headquarters of Florida Power & Light .
On July 21 , 2008 , after the singles physical release , the track retained its number one position and was certified Gold .
At Backlash , Michael suffered a loss when the Spirit Squad interfere on behalf of The McMahons .
They agree to come-on the Acrobat to a hotel where Schigolch will murder him .
2025 -LRB- MMXXV -RRB- will be a common year starting on Wednesday of the Gregorian Calendar .
The arm are the wing of the fold and the hinge is where the wing join together .
In January 2005 , blogging software company Six Apart purchased Danga Interactive , the company that operated LiveJournal , from Fitzpatrick .
Sandstone -LRB- sometimes known as arenite -RRB- is a aqueous rock composed mainly of sand-sized mineral or rock grain .
Two other passes give access on foot to Chitral , the Broghol Pass and the Dorah Pass , both from Afghanistan .
On August 25 , 2000 , Manson released the complete track listing for the new album .
Beginning in 2002 , Adamson went through 2500 hearing record , met 1800 children and workshopped 400 before coming down to the final four actors for the Pevensies .
brain 's field equality include a cosmological constant -LRB- Î -RRB- , that check to an energy density of empty space .
tumor of the salivary glands may occur .
He retired after the 2003 World Championships as Great Britain 's most successful medal winning athlete .
Johnstone played major junior with the Medicine Hat Tigers of the Western Canada Hockey League from 1971 to 1974 .
The Scottish Government has ruled that the Saltire should , where possible , fly on all its buildings every day from 8am until sunset .
On 6 March 1790 , Caesar was send to Norfolk Island after receiving another excuse from Phillip .
Since 2005 , the Awards have been presented in July at a ceremony at Readercon .
Individual neuroscientist , however , often work on questions that span several distinct subfields .
According to a report published by the Environmental Investigation Agency -LRB- EIA -RRB- in 2004 , India is the chief target for the dealer of wildlife skin .
It is currently used for football matches , a few sport matches , but most often for Arirang performances -LRB- also known as the Mass Games -RRB- .
John Gijsbert Alan `` Johnny '' Heitinga -LRB- ; born 15 November 1983 in Alphen aan den Rijn -RRB- is a Dutch footballer who plays as a defender for English Premier League club Everton and the Dutch national team .
Boeing is the prime contractor for the OTV program .
Therefore , the term `` cryptosystem '' is most often used when the key generation algorithm is important .
He was elected to the World Golf Hall of Fame in 2005 -LRB- but table his trigger until 2006 -RRB- .
According to Rankin , in February , 1838 a young slave woman had escaped across the frozen Ohio River to the town of Ripley with her child in her arms and stayed at his house on her way further north .
On the December 22 edition of ECW Yoshi Tatsu defeated Jack cock to earn a spot in the ECW return battle royal where the winner would challenge Christian for the ECW title at the Royal Rumble .
There is absolutely no authority that any statement contained in an article touching on legal matters is true , correct or precise .
In qualifying in Brazil , Senna and Berger were 1-2 with Boutsen and Patrese 3-4 and the Ferraris of Nigel Mansell and Alain Prost behind them .
Ontario Lacus is a lake composed of methane , ethane and propane near the south pole of Saturn 's moon giant .
Shinsuke Shiotani -LRB- born 11 May 1970 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The function which put to y its log is called log function or logarithmic function -LRB- or just log -RRB- .
Brown has been in relationships with tennis player Martina Navratilova , actress\/writer Fannie Flagg , socialite Judy Nelson , and politician Elaine Noble .
A few months after Spider-Man 's introduction in Amazing Fantasy # 15 -LRB- Aug. 1962 -RRB- , publisher Martin Goodman reviewed the sales figures for that issue and was shocked to find it to have been one of the nascent Marvel 's highest-selling comics . A solo ongoing series followed , beginning with The Amazing Spider-Man # 1 -LRB- March 1963 -RRB- .
dormouse are Old World mammals in the family Gliridae , part of the rodent -LRB- Rodentia -RRB- order .
Henry `` Hank , Red '' Bassen -LRB- December 6 , 1932 - May 29 , 2009 -RRB- was a Canadian ice hockey goalkeeper . Bassen served as a back-up goalkeeper in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Black pitch , Detroit Red Wings and Pittsburgh penguin .
At the time , pudding Galvin had the second most career wins with 364 .
Halesowen is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Dudley , in the West Midlands , England .
In planetary biome , species diversity tends to correlated positively with net primary productivity , wet availability , and temperature .
As an example , consider the handling of some highly controversial topics within a supposed crime article .
The Lord intended Aang to `` defeat enemies with his card '' and be a `` cut-up hero '' .
Chang ` an literally means `` never-ending Peace '' in Classical Chinese .
He won the Dudley `` Red '' Garrett Memorial Award as Rookie of the Year while playing with the Providence red of the AHL in 1959-60 .
Albany 's Timber Linn Memorial Park house the 63rd Blue Star veterans memorial in the state of Oregon .
Keisuke Hada -LRB- born February 20 , 1982 -RRB- is a retired Japanese footballer .
An associate of the New York Mets , the team has compete in the city since 1969 , with the exception of 1983 .
Besham -LRB- also known as Besham Qala -RRB- is the largest town and commercial center of the Shangla District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
It is named after Bernhard Riemann , who in the memoir `` On the Number of ground Less Than a Given Magnitude '' , published in 1859 , established a relation between its nothing and the distribution of prime numbers .
Mosogno is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the quarter of Ticino in Switzerland .
He moved to New York City in 1932 to direct the psychiatric clinic connected with the New York Court of General Sessions in which all convicted criminal received a psychiatric examination that was used in court .
HÃ henkirchen-Siegertsbrunn is a municipality in Upper Bavaria , situated south of Munich .
He is sometimes referred to as ` the London bachelor ' or ` the English bachelor ' , due to his time spent living in the British capital .
`` Shanee '' is a 1989 Pakistani film starring Babra Sharif , Sheri Malik and Ghulam Mohiuddin and directed by Saeed Rizvi .
In Madrid , he spent time with Washington Irving and was particularly impressed by the author 's work value-system .
Although it peak at only # 148 on the Billboard Hot 200 , this was a significant success compared to the first two .
Some Laserdisc advocate believe parallel Laserdisc is capable of higher quality than the lossy nature of DVD .
The Indian hockey team won the 1975 Hockey World Cup and 8 gold , 1 silver and 2 bronze medal at the Olympic games , making it one of the world 's most successful national hockey teams ever .
Ian James Thorpe OAM -LRB- born 13 October 1982 -RRB- , nickname the Thorpedo and Thorpey , is an Australian swimmer who narrow in freestyle , but also compete in backstroke and the individual medley .
These are the two longest unbeaten run in modern cheat history .
The first recorded use of the word techno , in reference to a genre of music , was in 1988 . Many styles of techno now exist , but Detroit techno is seen as the foundation upon which a number of subgenres have been built .
Barbuda is an island in the Eastern Caribbean , and forms part of the state of Antigua and Barbuda .
Cheffois is a communicate of the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Dying of the Light is a 1977 science fiction novel by George R. R. Martin .
La Loge-Pomblin is a communicate in the Aube department in north-central France .
Before he retired from the weekday breakfast program Wake Up to Wogan on BBC Radio 2 on 18 December 2009 , Sir Terry had a regular 8 million listeners , making him the most listened-to radio broadcaster of any European nation .
Genappe is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
When she was 30 years old , she began writing for newspapers , documentary , magazines , and did screen writing .
Wilf Reginald Cude -LRB- July 4 , 1910 â `` May 5 , 1968 -RRB- was a Canadian professional ice hockey goalkeeper who played 10 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Philadelphia Friend , Boston Bruins , Chicago Black pitch , Detroit Red Wings , and Montreal Canadiens .
cheap Than Love is the second studio album by the American soil band Soundgarden , released on September 5 , 1989 through A&M Records .
The SADR government currently controls about 20-25 % of the territory it claims .
Disney 's Hollywood Studios is a theme park at the Walt Disney World Resort .
Coal County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Atomkraft are an English proto-thrash metal band who were part of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal movement .
Central dominate is often used as a generic term for a total , ring-shaped , or hybrid dominate . This is , however , not completely correct : the definition of a central dominate is an dominate during which the central line of the umbra meet the Earth 's surface .
All bailiff and lady Grand Cross may wear their badge either at the left hip on a 101.6 m -LRB- for men -RRB- or 82.5 m -LRB- for women -RRB- wide , black water silk thread over the right shoulder or from a 16.5 m wide black band at the collar .
The stadium has no parking facilities for supporters , and the streets around the ground are subject to a residents-only permit parking scheme , but there are a number of pay and display or park and ride car parks within a short distance of the ground .
The opposite of night is day -LRB- or `` day '' to name it from `` day '' as used for a 24-hour period -RRB- .
The trump is a brass instrument very similar to the trump , distinguished by its cone-shaped have , compact shape , and high tone quality .
This includes a guide of the real world -LRB- such as someone who take travellers and tourists through a place of interest -RRB- , as well as a person who leads someone to more abstract places -LRB- such as to knowledge or wisdom -RRB- .
Allmusic described Rocks as having `` captured Aerosmith at their most raw and rock '' .
Sagan was married three times : in 1957 , to biologist Lynn Margulis , mother of Dorion Sagan and Jeremy Sagan ; in 1968 , to artist Linda Salzman , mother of Nick Sagan ; and in 1981 , to author Ann Druyan , mother of Alexandra Rachel -LRB- Sasha -RRB- Sagan and Samuel Democritus Sagan . His marriage to Druyan continued until his death in 1996 .
A magnetic field is a field of force produced by moving electric charges , by electric fields that vary in time , and by the ` intrinsic ' magnetic field of elementary particles associated with the spin of the particle .
Some of the first inhabitants of Gili Trawangan were from Sulawesi who are fisher and farmers .
Yerevan 's industry include chemicals , primary metal , machinery , rubber products , plastic , material , alcohol-dependent drink and work food .
Liu was born in Changchun , Jilin , in 1955 to an intellectual family .
In the Alps , several species of flower plants have been recorded above 4000 m , including Ranunculus glacialis , Androsace alpina and Saxifraga biflora .
The brief interaction with land caused a slight break , but Henriette remained a Category 1 hurricane for most of that day .
The tehsil is administratively subdivided into 37 Union council .
`` The Levant thus be a narrow corridor whose geographic setting made it a constant area of competition between more powerful entity '' .
This mutual nature of interpersonal popularity is often miss by people -LRB- particularly the young -RRB- who are attempting to become popular : being loud may be successful in gaining attention , but is unlikely to provide mutual respect .
Rafael do Santos de Oliveira , or simply Rafinha -LRB- born June 30 , 1987 -RRB- , is a Brazilian striker currently playing for Thespa Kusatsu .
In 2001 , Rattle conducted the OAE at Glyndebourne in their first production of Fidelio with a period-instrument orchestra .
Pair sticks , sometimes called clapsticks or bilma , establish the beat for the songs during ceremony .
The Å koda Felicia , -LRB- Typ 791 -RRB- is a small family car produced by the Czech automaker Å koda Auto between 1994 and 2001 -LRB- 1995 - 2001 for the estate -RRB- . It was one of the first models to benefit from Å koda Auto 's coup by the German giant Volkswagen Group .
Miguel PorlÃ n Noguera -LRB- born 12 October 1961 -RRB- , aka Chendo , is a retired Spanish footballer who played as a right defender .
It has a blazing white bar behind its eye and a minute bar extending back from the corner of its bill , march a blackish face patch .
Crustaceans exhibit a number of larval forms , of which the earliest and most feature is the nauplius .
Warren William Zevon -LRB- January 24 , 1947 -- September 7 , 2003 -RRB- was an American rock singer-songwriter and musician noted for including his unique and sometimes sardonic opinions of life in his musical lyrics , write songs that were sometimes humorous and often had political or historical themes .
Among the numerous copper sulfide , important examples include copper -LRB- I -RRB- sulfide -LRB- chalcocite -RRB- and copper -LRB- II -RRB- sulfide -LRB- covellite -RRB- .
Mouliets-et-Villemartin is a communicate in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
FloudÃ s is a communicate in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Nerva died on 27 January 98 , and was succeeded by his adopted son without incident .
Donâ t ask me why ... Every day is a surprise with him .
Automatic mode will add the guide defined in the ' variable to the user 's talk page with no user intervention .
Henry IV 's rejection of the order lead to his exclusion and a ducal rising ; eventually Henry received remission after dramatic public repentance barefoot in Alpine snow and mask in a hairshirt -LRB- see Walk to Canossa -RRB- , though the rising and conflict of investment continued .
On that occasion , the Party member Erazmo BarÄ iÄ -LRB- 1894 -RRB- described StarÄ eviÄ 's put-on and racism as `` throwing mud at people and rude cheeky vitriol '' .
Joseph Stalin wanted to bring all of Germany under Soviet influence , but when the West stand this idea , he sought to create a united Germany which would be non-aligned -LRB- the `` Stalin Note '' -RRB- . When the West stand these efforts , Stalin decided to focus his efforts on the Soviet occupation zone .
d -RRB- SCRIPT files are regular OS database or cm files .
The album features mainly new songs , though `` Gravity '' and `` predator '' are available in live versions from John Mayer 3 's Try !
For linear combination of colors , as in overlap see lights or in CRT displays , the primary colors normally used are red , green , and blue .
Reznor is the sole official member of Nine Inch Nails .
The city is the county seat of Lawrence County .
Plants with runner or stolon-like rhizome are called stoloniferous .
Since swordfish are large animals , meat is usually sold as steak , which are often grill .
In Central Asia , Islam expanded from the 7th century forward , bringing a stop to Chinese west expansion at the Battle of tala in 751 .
Hyrrokkin or Saturn 44 -LRB- provisional appointment S\/2004 S 19 -RRB- is a natural satellite of Saturn .
Tracey Gold -LRB- born May 16 , 1969 -RRB- is an American actress best known for playing Carol Seaver on the 1980s sitcom Growing pain .
Every time one of these stories comes up , like , say , Michael Jackson , when it 's finally over I think , what a relief , now we can get back to real news .
The correct term for an arthropod 's `` hook '' is a claw -LRB- plural claw -RRB- .
Ayurveda repair are coming up at a rapid pace along the International Beach of Kovalam and Varkala coast .
However , Twofish has seen less widespread usage than puffer , which has been available for a longer period of time .
The store is connected to the Victoria Line by a tunnel branch line to a join to the north of Seven Sisters .
The closing theme to the 1972 version was also written by Kalehoff .
On 18 December 2007 , Hamilton was suspended from driving in France for a month after being caught race at 196 k on a French pike .
There are six games in total - three where the player has to follow the command , one memory game that uses a combination of colors and numbers , a code dude game and a game called Pass Attack where players have to make up their own pattern .
It is the county seat of Cotton County .
With Mehta , the IPO has made a number of show for Decca . Under the billy of Bernstein , the IPO also recorded his works and those of Igor Stravinsky .
At that time , the line-up lie of singer Adam Gontier , drummer Neil Sanderson , bassist Brad Walst , lead guitarist Phil Crowe , and secondary guitarist Joe Grant . Most of the members were attending high school when the band initially formed .
Gary Bruce Bettman -LRB- born June 2 , 1952 -RRB- is the commissioner of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- , a post he has held since February 1 , 1993 .
Counter-Strike -LRB- also known as Half-Life : Counter-Strike , Counter-Strike 1.6 , or simply c -RRB- is a tactical first-person shooter video game developed by Valve Corporation which start from a Half-Life change by Minh `` Gooseman '' Le and Jess `` Cliffe '' Cliffe . The game has been expanded into a series since its original release , which currently includes Counter-Strike : Condition Zero , Counter-Strike : Source , Counter-Strike : Anthology and Counter-Strike on Xbox .
The path is well marked and guide books are available .
This follows the general practice of Formula One , in which the vast majority of tour -LRB- except Interlagos , Imola , Istanbul Park , Singapore , Yeongam and Abu Dhabi -RRB- run clockwise .
is about 2 km in diameter , and area Jupiter at an average distance of 23,571 Mm in 739.294 days , at an list of 147 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 149 Â to Jupiter 's equator -RRB- , in a retreat direction and with an eccentricity of 0.3003 .
The British Rail Class 71 was an electric engine used on the Southern Region of British railway , unlike most other Southern Region electric engine -LRB- such as classes 73 and 74 -RRB- they could not operate away from the wire -LRB- 750 V DC third rail -RRB- system .
Ernst Mayr approached the problem with a new definition for the concept of species .
The period between the World Wars saw the election of progressive mayor Fiorello La Guardia and the fall of Tammany Hall after 80 years of political say-so .
A player begins a serve by sky the ball into the air and hitting it -LRB- usually near the highest point of the pass -RRB- into the diagonally opposite service box without being stopped by the net .
Nelson expressed his revolt on his website , referring to Wolf as a `` Gory Jackal '' , and threatened to sue him .
Ricardo Achiles Rangel -LRB- February 15 , 1924 - June 11 , 2009 -RRB- was a Mozambican photojournalist and photographer .
The Legacy of Heorot is a science fiction novel written in 1987 by Larry Niven , Jerry Pournelle and Steven Barnes .
It is the fourth released game set in the fantasy Warcraft universe , which was first introduced by Warcraft : Orcs & Humans in 1994 .
`` All My Loving '' is a song by The Beatles , written by Paul McCartney -LRB- credit to Lennon\/McCartney -RRB- , from the 1963 album With The Beatles .
Emiliano Zapata Salazar -LRB- August 8 , 1879 -- April 10 , 1919 -RRB- was a leading figure in the Mexican Revolution , which broke out in 1910 , and which was initially directed against the president Porfirio DÃ Arizona .
The ratio of axis of the Bianca 's egg-shaped spheroid is 0.7 Â 0.2 .
In 1993 , Roh 's replacement , Kim Young-sam , led an anti-corruption campaign that saw Roh and Chun Doo-hwan on trial for graft .
This period cross the years from August 1293 through April 1299 .
have talk pages attached to them .
B canto -LRB- Bel-Canto -RRB- -LRB- Italian , `` beautiful singing '' -RRB- , along with a number of similar building -LRB- `` bellezze del canto '' \/ `` bellâ arte del canto '' -RRB- , is an Italian opera term .
Its filming won a National Film Award for cameraman Santosh Sivan .
The two were married circa 1885 , and divorced in 1902 .
The longest land tunnel in the world , the LÃ tschberg Base Tunnel , is in operation since late 2007 , connecting by rail the town of Frutigen in quarter Bern , with the town of Visp in quarter Valais\/Wallis .
Because his father was in the armed forces , Ranford lived in Germany for a few years , as well as various places in Canada .
The economy of Trieste , however , fell into a small decline after the city 's annexation to Italy after World War I. But Fascist Italy promoted a huge development of Trieste in the 1930s , with new manufacturing activities related even to naval and arming industries -LRB- like the famous `` Cantieri Aeronautici Navali Triestini -LRB- CANT -RRB- '' -RRB- .
This is the most serious chance associated with the industry '' .
Cleander fled to Commodus , who was at Laurentum in the house of the Quinctilii , for protection , but the mob followed him calling for his head .
He wash the field with three others : Rob Hayles ; Ashley Hutchinson of Australia ; and James McCallum of Scotland .
Blockland has also been featured on trail News .
Yukihiro Aoba is a former Japanese footballer .
Other rivers are MacasÃ as , Tocino , Joca and Vallecito , all of them feeder of the Artibonite .
There is evidence from bones and flint tools found in coastal deposits near Happisburgh in Norfolk and Pakefield in Suffolk that a species of man was present in what is now Britain around 700,000 years ago .
He declared that art existed only to communicate a spiritual message , and nothing more ; hence his defeat at the fame he gained by his commercial art , when he most wanted to concentrate on more artistic projects .
Until 1996 , Fischer had been an frank connoisseur of good win and food -LRB- regularly betting cases of expensive wine with opposition politicians on the outcome of elections -RRB- and had been heavy .
Composed of 4,192 soldiers , the force returned to Canada between April and June 1919 .
It would have meant a march of twenty days or more , through mountainous terrain , from the Roman border ; a `` remarkable example of imperialism '' , in the words of Fergus Millar .
This guide provides a convenient way to produce an external link to an entry at Allmusic .
Symbolically , the Mohawk were the guardian of the eastern door , as they were located in the east closest to the Hudson , and the Seneca were the guardian of the western door of the `` tribal longhouse '' , the territory they controlled in New York .
The steel air for the structure were custom built in Belgium and shipped over to Orlando .
It was named in August 2003 , from Norwegian mythology , where Ymir is the root of all the Jotun or ice giants .
A shear stress , refer -LRB- Greek : tau -RRB- , is defined as a stress which is applied parallel or tangential to a face of a material , as opposed to a normal stress which is applied sheer .
The group Ayers headed in Detroit , Michigan became one of the earliest meet of what became the Weatherman .
This usually -LRB- but not always -RRB- exists in school districts with such a small student population between several towns that the school district can not justify an elementary school outside the largest town in the district .
At The American god Experience , park guests can hearing and sing for live audiences , and potentially win a special front-of-the-line pass for the popular TV series ' real test .
Champdor is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
Nastja Kolar and Danka KoviniÄ the fifth seeds , flavor Haochen and Tian Ran the seventh seeds and the biggest upset with the second seeds EugÃ nie Bouchard and MÃ nica Puig all went out in the second round .
She later commented that the experience had helped her overcome a fear of performing in front of large push .
It has the ability to sense the air in all living things , and the one featured in the film is capable of telepathic human speech , similar to Legendary PokÃ Monday of past films .
Adyghe language -LRB- , adygabze , adÉ gÄ bzÄ -RRB- , also known as West Circassian -LRB- see : Circassian language -RRB- , is one of the two official languages of the Republic of Adygea in the Russian Federation , the other being Russian .
The day before McCartney wanted to work on the string arrangement , he learned that George Martin was not available to do the score .
Seventy-six defencemen are in the Hall of Fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goalkeeper have been seat .
`` Living with a Hernia '' is a song by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic .
The minister met with Knut soon after his zoo debut , notice that although Knut was in safe hands , `` worldwide opposite bears are in danger and if Knut can help the cause , then that is a good thing . ''
Fabbri was a long time and fertile contributor to the anarchist press in Europe and later South America , including co-editing , along with Errico Malatesta , the paper L'Agitazione .
The oldest piano manufacturer in the world is located in Schwelm .
Additionally , oil refinery produce some propane as a by-product of great oil into gas or heating oil . The supply of propane can not easily be adjusted to meet increased demand , because of the by-product nature of propane production .
Ronald Koeman -LRB- born 21 March 1963 in Zaandam , Noord-Holland -RRB- is a former Dutch footballer and former manager of Arizona .
Scilly has been live since the Stone Age and its history has been one of subsistence living until the early 20th century -LRB- people lived from what they could get from the land or the sea -RRB- .
Tl -LRB- I -RRB- sulfate -LRB- Tl2SO4 -RRB- , archaically known as thallous sulfate , is the sulfate salt of Tl .
The release was accompanied by a magnitude 2.5 earthquake .
Its capital was TÃ 1\/4 bingen .
A recent hit of a comet with a planet occurred in July 1994 when Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 broke up into pieces and clash with Jupiter .
The indigenous people of the district were members of the Burrowmunditory tribe , part of the Wiradjuri people .
Goebel was known as the `` space King '' because of his ability to land four-fold start .
He was equal first at the very strong Cappelle-la-Grande Open in 1994 , 1995 and 1997 and caused a shock at the PCA Intel Rapid cheat Grand Prix in London in 1995 , when he knocked out Vladimir Kramnik in the first round and Loek van Wely in the second .
She tries to explain things to her father , but this attempt is unsuccessful .
Charlie white -LRB- born 1952 -RRB- is FIA Formula One Race Director , Safety Delegate , Permanent Starter and head of the F1 Technical Department , in which content he generally do the logistics of each F1 Grand Prix , visit cars in Parc fermÃ before a race , apply FIA rules , and controls the lights which start each race .
Hermann Tilke -LRB- born December 31 , 1954 in Olpe -RRB- is a German engineer , designer of Formula One motor racing tour and auto racer .
Taylor has had several lead roles in television , from the early 1960s to the early first decade of the 21st century .
Meisterschwanden is a municipality in the district of Lenzburg in the quarter of Aargau in Switzerland .
A mid - to lower-level circulation developed within the system as it dog generally north-northwestward , and based on surface and satellite observations , it is estimated the system developed into Tropical Depression Seven at 1200 UTC on July 25 about 60 miles -LRB- 95 km -RRB- east of Daytona Beach , Florida .
In his 1980 interview with man-about-town , Lennon claimed he wrote the song , but he may have been trouble at the time by a previous question about `` Do n't Let Me Down . ''
Others live subtidally .
The city was once the capital of the ancient , Buddhist kingdom of Srivijaya that controlled a large part of what is now Indonesia , Malaysia and Southern Thailand .
However , they also kept a house in Wuppertal .
Companies such as Tokyopop and Viz release films comics but refer to them as Cine-manga and Ani-manga , respectively .
He had several operations and , in 2006 , was operated on for on a brain tumor .
Maskin suggested that software patent curb innovation rather than have progress .
She concluded , `` While the seriesâ purpose is for-profit entertainment , The West Wing presents great pedagogical potential . ''
The national parks of New Zealand are 14 protected areas lot by the Department of Conservation `` for the benefit , use , and use of the public '' .
Jasper visits Rosa at the nun ' House and pretend his love for her .
In 1986 he became professor at the Free University of Berlin and at the Technical University of Berlin .
According 2001 Census , provided by the Portuguese Instituto Nacional de EstatÃ stica , the city proper had a population of 101,069 and the municipality had a population of 148,443 in a 319.4 kmÂ land area .
Anastasia Valeryevna `` Nastia '' Lyukina -LRB- ; born October 30 , 1989 -RRB- is a Russian-American artistic gymnast .
It is at the western end of the island of Cuba .
It was designed by the French architect Michel Pinseau and built by Bouygues .
Condamine was compulsorily empty on 30 December .
Nobuo Kawakami -LRB- born October 4 , 1947 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Her story of escape from the red who killed the rest of her family in 1918 seems so bright that many Russian exile are willing to believe her .
Kaplan turbine with adjustable blade pitch are well-adapted to wide ranges of flow or head conditions , since their peak efficiency can be achieved over a wide range of flow conditions .
Kazuo Echigo is a former Japanese football player .
This process is called hematopoiesis .
In 1971 , he was granted a place to study relative religion at 3 College , Cambridge as a visiting student .
On September 10 , 2006 , during the halftime of a match against Boca Jr , club president Juan JosÃ MuÃ oz face -LRB- and allegedly threatened -RRB- reader Daniel GimÃ nez , who called off the match immediately , with Gimnasia leading 1 â `` 0 .
spirochete -LRB- also write spirochete -RRB- belong to a phylum of distinctive Gram-negative bacteria , which have long , helically hand-build -LRB- spiral-shaped -RRB- cells .
IvÃ n Luis Zamorano Zamora -LRB- born January 18 , 1967 in Santiago -RRB- is a retired Chilean football striker .
Sidecar-cross racing , also known as sidecar motocross , is very similar to regular , `` solo '' motocross but with a different type of motorcycle form , and with a team of two people riding together instead of one , a `` driver '' and a `` passenger '' .
In the SmackDown Elimination Chamber match , The Undertaker defended the World giant Championship against Chris Jericho , John Morrison , Rey Mysterio , CM Punk and R-Truth .
MalaucÃ ne is a communicate in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeast France .
They say he lives on ` Planet Ivanchuk ' .
Green was born at Edmonton , London to Frederick and Sarah Patterson -LRB- nÃ e Neall -RRB- , and moved to King 's Lynn in 1920 , after her marriage to Walter Green , a railway worker who died in 1970 after 50 years of marriage .
The Lightning Thief is followed by The Sea of Monsters in which Percy and Annabeth rescue Grover who has been jail by Polyphemus , the Cyclops , and recover the Golden hook to save the camp .
During a game against giant Scorpion at the camp , Annabeth and Percy accidentally find an entrance into the maze .
This is how new settlement start in most species .
A public drag race event takes place every month .
It was re-released to house on March 25 , 1988 .
According to tradition , they drive until the clothes fell off their bodies and then were forced to continue working naked .
In the 21st century classical mechanics has been extended into the complex domain and complex classical mechanics show behavior very similar to quantum mechanics .
Anastasia potentially would have passed on the disease if she had lived to have children .
The honorary citizenship is comparable to the honor Freedom of the City .
Holy Wood , therefore , begins the story , followed by Mechanical Animals , and last with Antichrist star .
Balukas has more U.S. Open wins than any other player , male or female , the runner up for the men being Steve Mizerak with four .
Global hand-wash Day is a campaign to move and rally millions around the world to wash their hands with soap .
The tradition of set the day with the call of church Bell and bonfire started soon after the Plot 's discovery , and fireworks were included in some of the earliest celebration .
After this success , the established electronic group , The Chemical Brothers , soon cooperate with Okereke for `` Believe '' , a track on their Push the Button album .
There were eight qualifying spots available to join the forty six direct acceptance , two special freedom and eight wildcards in the main draw .
In 1597 Yonge published a second book -LRB- Musica transalpina : the Second Booke of Madrigalles , ... translated out of Sundrie Italian Authors -RRB- .
The Census Bureau also predicted that the United States would have 5.3 million people aged over 100 in 2100 .
shift Randazzo -LRB- May 13 , 1935 - November 21 , 2003 -RRB- was a NYC born pop songwriter who composed 1960s hit songs such as `` Goin ' Out of My Head '' , `` It 's Gonna Take a Miracle '' , and `` Hurt So Bad '' .
ClÃ ber Schwenck Tiene or simply Schwenck -LRB- born February 8 , 1979 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player , who plays for CriciÃ ma .
Just because something is unpalatable does not mean that it is not true . ''
A cache is made up of a pool of entries .
Because his father was a chief , as were his herald , TemÃ 1\/4 jin was of a noble background .
United Airlines began DC-10 service on August 16 , 1971 .
It was the second-largest metropolitan newspaper in circulation in the United States in 2008 and the fourth most widely distributed newspaper in the country .
He moved from Illinois to New Paltz , New York and his interest in spider has earned him the nickname of Spider Boy from Illinois given to him by the class great .
There also was a 2.281 k warm-up loop called Zielschleife -LRB- `` Finish Loop '' -RRB- or better known as Betonschleife , around the pit area .
Let 's Get Loud is the second DVD by American singer Jennifer Lopez , released in February 2003 .
Miep gray -LRB- February 15 , 1909 -- January 11 , 2010 -RRB- was one of the Dutch citizens who cover Anne Frank , her family and several family friends in an bean wing above Anne 's father 's place of business from the Nazi during World War II .
In other episodes she wins a place in the Athens City Academy for Performing bard , is a famous playwright , is a representation director , plays the pan hit with considerable skill , and is the only person able to tell a magical roll with the correct stress .
These poems and tales are essential to the study of Spanish literature and common reading for high-school students in Spanish-speaking countries .
He had also been nominated for Album of the Year for Justified , Record of the Year for `` Cry Me a River '' , and Best Rap\/Sung Collaboration for `` Where Is the Love ? ''
The name Ana has been used for six tropical cyclone in the Atlantic Ocean .
Paranthropus is thought to have lived in wooded areas rather than the grassland of the Australopithecus .
Another new friend comes in the form of Miss Margaret Larner , who he later see to be the `` torch '' who helped him to be born so many years ago , and with whom he has been strangely linked since that day .
Brian Wesley Campbell -LRB- born May 23 , 1979 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Laura Lane welsh Bush -LRB- born November 4 , 1946 -RRB- is the wife of the 43rd President of the United States , George W. Bush .
The Media Center became administratively incorporated into the Library .
Sergiu Celibidache then took over as chief director for seven years , from 1945 to 1952 .
Service to Sunny Bay station on the Tung Chung Line started in 2005 .
Much of his work is associated with the movement to redefine the female stylish shape , removing excessive mix and nonsense and using rich material in simple but flattering draft .
Over the next 25 years , only Bernard Hinault and Miguel Indurain were able to equal him .
`` Spoonman '' is a song by the American rock band Soundgarden . Written by frontman Chris Cornell , `` Spoonman '' was released on February 15 , 1994 as the first single from the band 's fourth studio album , Superunknown -LRB- 1994 -RRB- .
Mary Scott Harrison McKee -LRB- April 3 , 1858 -- October 28 , 1930 -RRB- was the first lady to her father President Benjamin Harrison , when her mother , Caroline Harrison , was seriously ill and then died .
CoppÃ lia is a sentimental comic ballet with original choreography by Arthur Saint-L Ã on to a ballet libretto by Saint-L Ã on and Charles Nuitter and music by LÃ o Delibes .
The western half of the range lies in Ventura County , and the eastern half lies in Los Angeles County .
In March 1919 , the national assembly passed a law found a 420,000 strong preliminary army as VorlÃ ufige Reichswehr .
E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial -LRB- often referred to as just E.T. -RRB- is a 1982 American science fiction film co-produced and directed by Steven Spielberg , written by Melissa Mathison and starring Henry Thomas , Dee Wallace , Robert MacNaughton , Drew Barrymore , and Peter Coyote .
Experts recognize 17 to 19 race which vary in appearance and range ; there is disagreement over whether the distinctive Barbary Falcon is a race or a distinct species .
Maynard Smith was instrumental in the application of game theory to evolution and suppose on other problems such as the evolution of sex and point theory .
Unlike the Greek Oceanus , giant of the world-ocean , Neptune was associated as well with fresh water .
Bush is the eldest son of President George H. W. Bush , who served as the 41st President , and Barbara Bush , making him one of only two American presidents to be the son of a past president .
And , it is known , that on whole planet exactly the Armenian people is distinguished by the absence of spiritual and other human values .
Suzuka also hosts other motorsport events including the Suzuka 1000km survival race .
Another video `` repeat of the tale put Peter as a Christian preacher singing songs about God and Jesus '' .
This process , called transduction , explained how bacteria of different species could gain resistance to the same antibiotic very quickly .
The Byzantine , however , managed to stop further Islamic expansion into their lands during the 8th century and , beginning in the 9th century , reform parts of the appropriate lands .
Within the hCard is a Geo microformat , which additionally makes the organize -LRB- parallel & longitude -RRB- parsable , so that they can be , say , looked up on a map , or download to a GPS unit .
The British Rail Class 489 -LRB- or GLV -RRB- is a type of electrical multiple unit , specially converted for use on Gatwick Express trains , from London Victoria to Gatwick Airport .
Honecker then stayed in a Soviet military hospital near Berlin before later fly the republic with Margot Honecker to Moscow , to avoid prosecution over charges of Cold War crimes .
He also scored four runs , drove in three , and stole two bases in the royal ' 14 â `` 1 victory .
Let us earn the right not to bloom , but be proud of our existence abroad .
Despite the name , it is not related to black pepper or to chile pepper .
A ball is called when the pitcher throws a pitch that is outside the strike zone , provided the batter has not drop at it .
In an effort to avoid the sentimental image of the `` Aunt Jane '' tradition and approach Austen 's fiction from a fresh perspective , in 1917 British intellectual and travel writer Reginald Farrer published a extended essay in the Quarterly Review which Austen student A. Walton Litz calls the best single introduction to her fiction .
Holy basil , also called tulsi , is highly august in Hinduism and also has religious significance in the Greek Orthodox Church , where it is used to prepare holy water .
serial government tried to steady the imperial economy by freezing the social structure into place : sons were to succeed their fathers in their trade , councillor were out to free , and coloni , the grower of land , were not to move from the land they were attached to .
The line was opened in 1866 to carry ticket from the target at Bryn Eglwys to Tywyn , and was the first narrow gauge railway in Britain clear by Act of Parliament to carry passengers using steam draw .
Cold ooze develop unique topography over time , where reactions between methane and seawater create carbonate rock organization and Rand .
Versace 's body was cremated and his ash returned to the family 's estate near Cernobbio , Italy .
Bartolo , Basilio and Antonio enter with torch as , one by one , the Count pull out Cherubino , Barbarina , Marcellina and the `` look '' from behind the pavilion .
The Board of trustee , the highest decision-making body of PLM , has the authority to grant diploma , security and titles to students who have completed their academic programs and validate graduation of students .
Carcoar is a town in the Central West region of New South Wales , Australia , in Blayney Shire .
His power is plain from the beginning of the series ; specifically , Harry shows immediate command of a broomstick , produces a Patronus at an early age , and go several face-off with Voldemort .
The total number of Iroquois today is difficult to establish .
Ruben Bierer -LRB- Dr. Rubin Bierer , often : Reuben Bierer ; \* about 1845 in Lviv ; â 1931 ibid . -RRB-
The population was 20,975 at the 2000 census .
Sainte-Foy , VendÃ e is a communicate in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
The Chenab River -LRB- , , , , , literally : ` Moon -LRB- Chan -RRB- Ú Ù River -LRB- aab -RRB- ' Ø cents Ø -RRB- is formed by the meeting of the Chandra and Bhaga rivers at Tandi located in the upper Himalayas in the Lahul and Spiti District of Himachal Pradesh , India .
A most honored program is Princeton in Beijing .
Villers-le-Bouillet 79 .
Saint Joan of Arc or The Maid of OrlÃ AN -LRB- , ; ca .
Mixed by Chris Lord-Alge at Resonate Sound in Burbank , California , The martyr & the Witness was released on July 4 , 2006 .
AutÃ dromo JosÃ Carlos Pace , also known by its former name Interlagos , is a motor racing circuit located in the city of SÃ # o Paulo , and named after Carlos Pace , a Brazilian Formula One driver , who had died prior to its make .
It was the mathematical aspect of follow that led him to exploring the geometric significance of complex numbers .
Followed by 109 -LRB- gigasecond = 1 000 000 000 seconds ; 16 666 666.666 minutes ; 277 777.777 hours ; 11 574.074 days ; 31.689 years -RRB- ; a relatively nonviable unit with which to measure human time\/life .
Rodman `` Rod '' Edward Serling -LRB- December 25 , 1924 â `` June 28 , 1975 -RRB- was an American screenwriter , novelist , television producer , and narrator best known for his live television play of the 1950s and his science fiction anthology TV series , The fall Zone .
Sementina is a municipality in the district of Bellinzona in the quarter of Ticino in Switzerland .
On 29 January 1796 , a reward of five gal of funny was offered by Governor John Hunter for his capture .
The Horae -LRB- Hours -RRB- were daughters of Zeus and Themis .
The zlib License has been approved by the Free Software Foundation -LRB- FSF -RRB- as a free software license , and by the Open Source Initiative -LRB- OSI -RRB- as an open source license . It is compatible with the GNU General Public License .
New Zealand English is similar to Australian English in pronunciation , with some key differences .
An astromech droid , R2-D2 is a major character throughout all six Star Wars films .
Past episodes of run and volcanism at the shallow levels of the cape have produced a thin crust of clear run products near the surface , upon which we live .
Power round can be divided according to the type of heat engine they seek to model .
Darkly dream Dexter is a 2004 novel by Jeff Lindsay , the first in his series about serial killer Dexter Morgan .
Capparis decidua is commonly known as kerda , kair , karir , kirir , karril , etc. .
Anna Freud -LRB- 3 December 1895 â `` 9 October 1982 -RRB- was the sixth and last child of Sigmund and Martha Freud .
dogma held the position as the DCI from July 1997 to July 2004 , making him the second-longest-serving director in the agency 's historyâ `` behind Allen Welsh Dullesâ `` as well as one of the few DCI to serve under two U.S. presidents of opposing political parties .
Rawalpindi is a tehsil - an administrative section - of Rawalpindi District in the western part of the Punjab province , Pakistan , it contains the district capital - the city of Rawalpindi .
A series of reports in the 1980s and 1990s ranking the Auburn public school system among the top in the state and nation convinced thousands of new residents to move to Auburn over the past 25 years .
One possible reason for this distinct biological feature may be formation of strong emotional bonds between sexual partners important for social interactions and , in the case of humans , long-term partnership rather than immediate sexual breeding .
Claudius made the Praetorian promise to kill him if he ever married again .
For the 2006 â `` 07 season Roy signed with the Iserlohn cock of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga .
The Neues Stadthaus , which survived the bombing and had formerly been the head office of Berlin 's municipal fire insurance FeuersozietÃ t in ParochialstraÃ e served as the temporary city hall for the post-war city government for all the sectors of Berlin until September 1948 .
However , only 42 events -LRB- less than half -RRB- actually included athletes who were not from the United States .
A shallow down-gradient follows , of about 2 m , towards Parracombe Bank , and the start of another climb , of about 2 +1 \/ 2 m , to Woody Bay -- at 1000 f , the highest railway station in southern England .
Toshiyuki Abe is a retired Japanese footballer .
When he realized that repair Life in Hell would require him to lift publication rights , Groening decided to go in another direction , and hastily sketch out his version of a dysfunctional family , make the characters after members of his own family . Homer was named after Groening 's father .
Eleven players were seat into the category , but in 2000 the board of directors eliminated it and those inductees are now considered to be in the player category .
Writers for the show included Mel Brooks , Neil Simon , Danny Simon , Mel Tolkin , and Carl Reiner who , though a cast member , always sat in with the writers .
Following Wagner 's death , his widow Cosima continued running the festival at one or , more frequently , two year separation .
Both practices are obsolete in the rules of modern basketball .
La Selve is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf International Airport is the largest airport in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany , and the third largest airport in Germany , handling 18.99 million passengers in 2010 .
It is a member of the Networker family of trains .
Yalova is couple with the cities of Bonn in Germany , Mahachkala in Russia and Medgidia in Romania .
Married women of the Bantu tribes are buried in their hut lying on their right side with legs double up , the hut being then desert .
Recently , hard Entertainment announced a multi-million dollar album deal with Koch Records and Shaquille O'Neal 's `` Deja 34 '' entertainment company .
The Report was ultimately better to provide greater clarity on this issue by stress that when the Virginian claimed that the `` states '' were parties to the federal Constitution , the referent of the word `` state '' was the independent people of the particular state .
Gisborne is named after an early Colonial Secretary William Gisborne .
Emden is a city and harbor in the northwest of Germany , on river em .
Courboin is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Execution units are also essential to microarchitecture .
Returns the version of , or the current server if miss .
Big Joe Turner was posthumously seat into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987 .
At Yale Law School , she taught seminar on crime and the family : this led to a transatlantic collaboration with Joseph Goldstein and Albert Solnit on children and the law , published as Beyond the Best Interests of the Child -LRB- 1973 -RRB- .
Csaba LÃ szlÃ -LRB- born 13 February 1964 in Odorheiu Secuiesc , Harghita County , Romania -RRB- is a Transylvanian Hungarian football manager and former player .
The various autocephalous and independent synod of the Orthodox Church are distinct in terms of administration and local culture , but for the most part exist in full sharing with one another . The Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia -LRB- ROCOR -RRB- has recently united with the Moscow patriarchy -LRB- MP -RRB- ; these two branches of the Russian Orthodox Church had separated from each other in the 1920s due to the conquest of the latter to the hostile Soviet regime -LRB- see Act of basic sharing -RRB- .
Lying between the Miranzai Valley and the Durand Line , the district has an area of 3,310 kmÂ -LRB- 1,278 sq . miles -RRB- . Its population was 448,310 , according to the 1998 census .
Hanlontown is a city in Worth County , Iowa , United States .
In 1803 , Salzburg was secularize as the Electorate of Salzburg for the former Grand Duke Ferdinand III of Tuscany -LRB- brother of Emperor Francis II -RRB- , who had lost his throne .
Public transport by boat is provided by the Mouettes Genevoises , which link the two banks of the lake within the city , and by the Compagnie GÃ nÃ rattle de Navigation sur le lac LÃ man -LRB- CGN -RRB- which serves more distant goal such as Nyon , Yvoire , Thonon , Evian , Lausanne and Montreux using both modern diesel vessels and vintage paddle steam .
In many decapod , due to their speed development , the zoea is the first larval stage .
A database scheme -LRB- pronounced skee-ma , -RRB- of a database system is its structure described in a formal language supported by the database management system -LRB- DBMS -RRB- and refers to the organization of data to create a design of how a database will be constructed -LRB- divided into database tables -RRB- . The formal definition of database scheme is a set of normal -LRB- sentences -RRB- that set integrity constraints imposed on the database .
It is responsible for the condition isosporiasis .
One notable award for science fiction films is the Saturn Award .
Zinc commonplace -LRB- ZnBr2 -RRB- is a chemical compound of zinc and Br .
hag are marine vertebrate of the class Agnatha or Myxini , also known as Hyperotreti .
Her statement `` better a knife in my belly than your hands on me '' plants in Wozzeck 's mind the idea for his subsequent revenge .
Akela , the head wolf in The Jungle Book , has become a senior figure in the movement , the name being traditionally adopted by the leader of each rookie watch pack .
Their playlist are dominated by singles by top-selling hip hop and R&B performers .
An important consideration in the design of street furniture is how it affects road safety .
On the night of June the 6th he tried to steal food from Zachariah Clark , the `` house of the colony 's assistant commissary for stores '' , and was caught by a con named William Saltmarsh .
In Japan and Southeast Asia , the system is called the Super Famicom , or SFC for short . In South Korea , it is known as the Super Comboy -LRB- ì í 1\/4 ì '' ë ì -RRB- and was distributed by Hyundai Electronics .
The IAEA has its headquarters in Vienna , Austria .
UCL 's main campus is located in the Bloomsbury area of Central London , with a number of found and teaching hospitals located elsewhere in Central London .
Newgrounds is the oldest Flash portal website , and is distinguished by its machine-controlled submission and rating system , as it is the first website in history to produce a fully machine-controlled user-generated content system .
3.3 % of the population identified themselves as being of non-Hispanic West Indian line .
The collective noun for kangaroo is a mob , parade , or court .
In Method of flux -LRB- written 1671 , published 1736 -RRB- , Sir Isaac N examined the shift between opposite organize , which he referred to as the `` Seventh Manner ; For spiral '' , and nine other organize systems .
The veronica released their second album Hook Me Up in 2007 ; it peak at # 2 on the Australian charts and earning a certificate of two times platinum .
The aircraft is the smallest form of the 737 .
Francisco JosÃ Ayala -LRB- born March 12 , 1934 in Madrid , Spain -RRB- is a Spanish American biologist and philosopher at the University of California , Irvine .
The main tagline for the first season is conversion Begins Through Destruction .
It was thought to be out after the last four known specimens were taken in 1898 .
Fossilized bones are abundant and include the skull of cave bears and the horn skull of an ibex .
Each week at least one outcast is bar for the time period between the reward challenge and the resistance challenge on transportation Island .
People often saved money in kitchen can and shock made of pygg , called `` pygg shock '' . By the 18th century , the spelling of `` pygg '' had changed and the term `` pygg shock '' had evolved to `` pig bank . ''
AgnÃ s Sorel -LRB- 1421 -- 9 February 1450 -RRB- , known by the nickname lady de beautÃ , was a favorite mistress of King Charles 7 of France , to whom she have three daughters .
When the Hockey Hall of Fame opened in 1945 , Morenz was one of the original 12 inductees .
Until the passage of the Australia Act 1986 , and associated legislation in the parliament of the United Kingdom , some Australian cases could be referred to the British Judicial Committee of the can Council for final appeal .
The find at the terminal contrast with the findings of the Huygens investigation , which landed near giant 's equator on January 14 , 2005 .
Street Fighter II is a sub-series in Capcom 's Street Fighter franchise of competitive fighting games , originally released as coin-operated arcade games . The Street Fighter II series started with the original Street Fighter II game itself , released in as a sequel to Capcoms fighting game Street Fighter .
During the Monday Night Wars , the World Wrestling Federation -LRB- WWF -RRB- and World Championship Wrestling -LRB- WCW -RRB- , the two top North American wrestling promotion , compete for ratings .
It was named after Saint Louis of Anjou , the bishop of Toulouse .
The engine was not ready for the start of the 1985 season , so the team converted their M185 form to accept a Cosworth DFV engine for the first two races .
His elder siblings included John F. Kennedy , Robert F. Kennedy , and Eunice Kennedy Shriver .
The Cape Town Suburb of Athlone was named in honor of the Governor-General and , together with the beach house , is also the only physical reminder of the Athlones ' residence at the Cape .
In this way , energy is transferred from the water flow to the turbine
At the 2001 World aquatic Championships , he became the first person to win six gold medal in one World Championship . In total , Thorpe has won eleven World Championship gold , the second-highest number of any swimmer .
On March 16 , 2006 , Sony Computer Entertainment Japan released a special Final Fantasy 12 package , which contained a PlayStation 2 game system , the Final Fantasy 12 game , a standard DualShock controller , and a vertical console stand . The Japanese third-party manufacturer Hori also released Final Fantasy 12 memory cards on the day of the game 's release ; spine of Final Fantasy 12 characters are included .
This guide get a box for a portal home page .
break latency may be affected by break control , break cover , and the operating system 's -LRB- OS -RRB- break handling methods .
Breastshot and undershot wheels can be used on rivers or high volume flows with large source .
When another Colombian vent , the Nevado del Huila , break in April 2008 , thousands of people were empty because volcanologists worried that the bang could be another `` Nevado del Ruiz '' .
Oleum is produced in the contact process , where S is oxidized to S trioxide which is subsequently resolve in hard sulfuric acid .
The upper part of the cape is composed mostly of peridotite , a rock heavy than rocks common in the overlay crust .
-LRB- See also Ceramic forming techniques .
People have argued that the show of sympatric speciation are in fact examples of micro-allopatric , or heteropatric speciation .
heather is a 1989 black comedy film starring Winona Ryder , Christian Slater , and Shannen Doherty .
Tower Bridge is a combined bascule and suspension bridge in London , England , over the River Thames .
It was the second WrestleMania to be held in Houston , with the first being WrestleMania X-Seven at the Reliant Astrodome , which was held in 2001 .
Gaillan-en-M Ã doc is a communicate in the Gironde department in south-western France .
The Ancient Olympic Games was a series of competition held between representatives of several city-states and land from Ancient Greece , which featured mainly athletic but also combat and chariot racing events .
WrestleMania 25 -LRB- also known as `` The 25th Anniversary of WrestleMania '' -RRB- was the twenty-fifth annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , which took place on April 5 , 2009 at Reliant Stadium in Houston , Texas .
Tottenham -LRB- Ë tÉ ' Ê '' nÉ m -RRB- is a district of north London , England in the London Borough of Haringey , situated 6.6 m north-northeast of coal Cross .
Appointed as Maderno 's replacement in 1629 , he was to become regarded as the greatest architect and sculptor of the Baroque period .
Mainly center on Geneva , Le Courrier is trying to expand into other quarter in Romandy .
see that the prophecy made by the prophet involves him , Percy takes the burdenâ '' the giant 's curseâ '' from Cynthia .
AutoEd\/Customization will contain details on how to custom-make this script and create new faculty and presets .
The University is organized into twelve undergraduate colleges , two professional schools , seven graduate schools , and an open university and distance learning program , which are all manage by the Executive Vice President .
In Chinese history , the Yuan Dynasty followed the Song Dynasty and lead the Ming Dynasty .
He used the computing of Urbain Le Verrier to know where to look .
Nuts are a complex of the seed and the fruit , where the fruit does not open to release the seed .
The convention 's activities are called the `` program '' , which may include panel discussions , take , autograph sessions , costume mask , and other events .
Then , as the bodies were taken out of the basement room , two of the grand duchess showed signs of life .
What eventually became the Roman Empire began as village around the Palatine Hill along the river Tiber in Central Italy .
A butter cake is a cake in which one of the main ingredients is butter .
The Sandman is a children 's book written by Ralph Fletcher and illustrated by Richard Cowdrey .
Food crops were severely impact , including destruction of 58 % of the corn output , 24 % of sorghum , 14 % of rice , and 6 % of the bean crop .
support with me ; fast falls the even ; the darkness change ; Lord , with me support .
In North America , the sovereign ranges from southern Canada to northern South America .
In January 2011 , he shot the movie Sisters and Brothers with Dustin Milligan , and it was announced that Monteith is at the center of a new untitled workplace comedy , starring and co-producing .
Gordon Corson Clark -LRB- born May 31 , 1952 in Glasgow , Scotland -RRB- is a retired ice hockey right winger .
Plan 9 aims to provide users with a workstation-independent working environment through the use of the 9P protocol .
In the 1970s and 1980s as his writing career began to take off , cutter taught for several years at universities throughout the United States .
It is served by Polotsk Airport and during the Cold War was home to Borovitsy air base .
The procedural geothermal start from the Greek roots geo , meaning earth , and thermos , meaning heat .
Early in his adult life he moved to Barnstable , Massachusetts , a town on Cape ride , where he managed the first Saab franchise established in the U.S.
The atoll 's guano deposits , mine by U.S. interests operating under the Guano Islands Act , were worked until depletion in about 1890 .
The top of Auburn at City Hall is 709 f above sea level ; though due to Auburnâ s diverse topography , top ranges from 386 f above sea level where Chewacla Creek cover Sand Hill Road to 845 f above sea level in northern Auburn near the Chambers County line .
In 1865 or 1866 Sultan Majid bin Said of Zanzibar began building a new city very close to Mzizima .
The fake art will be displayed in an exhibition starting in 2009 .
Lima is the industrial and financial center of Peru , and one of the most important financial centers in Latin America .
Most are only and nocturnal , with some exception -LRB- e.g. the Northern pitch Owl -RRB- .
Before this time builder were free to sell their form to as many other teams as they liked .
The tongue moves with great speed , and has been measured to move in and out of the beak 100 times a minute .
Several states with Hmong populations issued official version only in the Hmong Der accent .
The anchovy is a significant food source for almost every predatory fish in its environment , including the California halibut , rock fish , yellowtail , shark , chinook , and coho salmon .
Takayoshi Ono -LRB- born 30 April 1978 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
He previously served as senator of finance for the State of Berlin from January 2002 until April 2009 , when he was appointed to his position at Bundesbank .
Tartiers is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
It care over 54 million people a year .
The 1985 Hesse coalition under Prime Minister Holger BÃ rner was to be based on an official policy agreement negotiate by both parties .
shot can be useful for backing up self-consistent versions of explosive data like table files from a busy database , or for rolling back large changes -LRB- such as an operating system upgrade -RRB- in a single operation .
he is transformed into He-Man , the most powerful man in the universe .
British comic Eddie Z mentions ChÃ cents lons-en-Champagne -LRB- at the time known as ChÃ cents lons-sur-Marne -RRB- on his stand-up album Definite Article , as part of a routine in which he tells of his school exchange trip to ChÃ cents lons-sur-Marne , one of the highlights of which was a visit to a gum factory .
Tin -LRB- II -RRB- sulfide is a chemical compound of tin and S .
Disney Studios began production of a sequel , The Aristocats II , in December 2005 , set to release in 2007 , but production was delete in early 2006 .
Alfred Emanuel Smith , Jr. -LRB- December 30 , 1873 -- October 4 , 1944 -RRB- , known in private and public life as Al Smith , was an American statesman who was elected the 42nd Governor of New York four times , and was the Democratic U.S. presidential candidate in 1928 .
San CristÃ bal is a province in the southern Dominican Republic , west of the capital Santo Domingo . It was originally named Trujillo after its founder , dictator Rafael Leonidas Trujillo , taking its present name after his assassination in 1961 .
He was best known for his role as police chief Martin C. Brody in visit , as choreographer and film director Joe Gideon in All That Jazz , detective Buddy `` muddy '' Russo in The French Connection and his role as Captain Nathan Bridger in science fiction television series seaQuest DSV .
Lineville is a city in Clay County , Alabama , United States .
The month has 28 days in common years and 29 days in spring years .
Some of their most popular and widely known singles are `` You 're My Heart , You 're My Soul '' , `` You Can Win If You Want '' , `` Cheri , Cheri Lady '' , `` Brother Louie '' , `` Atlantis Is Calling -LRB- S.O.S. for Love -RRB- '' and `` Geronimo 's Cadillac '' .
Flowers and fruit appear throughout the year but are most abundant from May to September .
Fitzgerald 's half-sister , France Da Silva , was born in 1923 .
A never-ending lease for the area around GuantÃ namo Bay was offered February 23 , 1903 , from TomÃ s Estrada Palma , the first President of Cuba .
A sawmill at Nourlangie Camp was begun by Chinese operators , probably before World War I , to mill stands of cypress pine in the area .
competition in the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- have occurred between many teams and cities .
Soon afterwards the older town hall was destroy and replaced with a new one , and General JÃ zef ZajÄ
The show was produced by and air on Nickelodeon , which is owned by Viacom .
The first of two recording sessions for the song was at trustee Sound Studio in London on 9 February 1967 in three takes .
The discovery images were taken on May 15 , 2005 , and May 18 , 2005 ; the Moon were independently discovered by Max J. Mutchler on June 15 , 2005 , and Andrew J. Steffl on August 15 , 2005 .
It air on the CBS television network from September 29 , 1986 until May 24 , 1993 .
Fruitland is a city in Payette County , ID , United States .
While the nonsense might have served to protect the vulnerable neck from predators , it may also have been used for display , thermoregulation , the bond of large neck and jaw muscles or some combination of the above .
Victor Emmanuel I -LRB- 24 July 1759 -- 10 January 1824 -RRB- was the Duke of Savoy and King of Sardinia from 1802 to 1821 .
Hisato SatÅ is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Sanfrecce Hiroshima in the J. League .
The 28th , Dojlidy GÃ rne , was created by on October 23 , 2006 , out of three village which had been incorporated into the city : Dojlidy GÃ rne , Kolonia Halickie , and ZagÃ rki .
As of November 2007 , ScienceWorld includes more than 4,000 entries in fields of science including astronomy , chemistry , physics , as well as life of many scientists .
Although he admitted that he had done the adaptation because he needed the money , he had great success with the play .
The Big Ten Conference is the United States ' oldest Division I college athletic conference .
The first motorsports event at the track lie of 7 motorcycle races , okay by the Federation of American motorcyclist -LRB- FAM -RRB- on August 14 , 1909 .
He later won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as Colonel Nicholson in The Bridge on the River yuan .
Major industries of Utah include : mining , cattle ranch , salt production , and government services .
After about one year , she started write songs .
Encouraged by his father to study law , in 1938 Hurwicz received his LL . M. degree from the University of Warsaw , where he discovered his future career in economics class .
His son FlÃ riÃ n Albert Jr. was also football player with FerencvÃ Ro and played for the Hungarian national team , as well .
The women are assigned to work at a Matisse Footwear warehouse , managing inventory , doing office work , etc. .
Ferfay is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Gotthold Ephraim Lessing -LRB- 22 January 1729 - 15 February 1781 -RRB- was a German writer , philosopher , playwright , publicist , and art critic , and one of the most outstanding representatives of the Enlightenment era .
On September 14 , 2001 , in the wake of the September 11 attacks , Graham led a prayer and memorial service at Washington National Cathedral , which was attended by President George W. Bush and past and present leaders .
The district contains the Astore Valley and is spring to the west by Diamer District -LRB- from which is was separated in 2004 -RRB- , to the north by Gilgit District , to the east by Skardu District and to the south by Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa and Neelum District of Azad Kashmir .
The word mattress is derived from Arabic words meaning `` to throw '' and `` place where something is thrown '' or `` felt , shock . ''
If the first baby does not go to term , this allows a second baby to start growing right away .
Lobachevsky published in 1830 , while Bolyai independently discovered it and published in 1832 .
is a rock music magazine published by Bauer Consumer Media in the United Kingdom .
They called it a good competition to Mewtwo , as well as an irregular PokÃ Monday due to its ability to use any TM or hm , items that teach PokÃ Monday attacks .
The word laser started as an acronym for `` light gain by have discharge of radiation '' ; in modern usage `` light '' generally refer electromagnetic radiation of any frequency , not only visible light , hence infrared laser , UV laser , X-ray laser , and so on .
The result are group into non-polar , opposite aprotic , and opposite protic result and ordered by increasing sign .
Antoine-Joseph `` Adolphe '' Sax -LRB- 6 November 1814 â `` c. 4 February 1894 -RRB- was a Belgian musical instrument designer and musician who played the flute and clarinet , and is best known for having invented the saxophone .
The Allied forces captured 200 to 600 Home Guard members .
In later years Schwerin von Krosigk wrote several books on economic policy , as well as two versions of his memoir .
The most well-known of these , Dasan , means `` tea mountain . ''
It is served by Billericay railway station on the National Express East Anglia route from Liverpool Street station , in the City of London , to Southend .
Henry returned to Frascati in 1803 .
It had , however , been ordered by the Great Western Railway in the 1940s , but construction was delayed due to World War II .
Beginning as WWF Monday Night Raw , the program first air on January 11 , 1993 .
Mitsuhiro Momota , better known as RikidÅ zan -LRB- Japanese : å é `` å , Korean : ì -- ë ì Yeokdosan , November 14 , 1924 â `` December 15 , 1963 -RRB- , was a Korean Japanese professional wrestler , known as the `` Father of Puroresu '' and one of the most influential men in wrestling history .
The first concert hall of the orchestra was destroyed in 1944 .
Menâ s judicial curse are no longer to be trusted , nor does anyone fear the god gods ; the race of pious men has go and men no longer recognize the rules of conduct or acts of piety .
Barton played three seasons in the National Hockey League for the Pittsburgh Pirates , Philadelphia Friend , and New York Rangers .
Nutrient-rich land along with an abundance of water and sun make the floodplain an area of fertile plant and animal life .
Most of the stock trading business began to center around railside markets such as those at ottoman , Haywards Heath and Lewes train stations .
The three men set off for the village .
His father Satish Narredu is a senior horse trainer and his uncle Malesh Narredu a champion screw .
In the result draft Crisis of 1917 , wow broke out on the streets of Montreal .
However , the pitting can be model , by line-splitting with HTML comments , between all lines within :
Its catch phrase is `` If you do n't keep up with me , you 're finished ! '' .
It was for his performance together with the mezzo-soprano Anne Sofie von Otter of Mahlerâ s Des Knaben Wunderhorn .
Nudity in front of a sexual partner is widely accepted , but not in all cases . For example , some partners insist on nudity only at the time and place of sex , or with master lighting ; during bath with the partner or after ; covered by a sheet or blanket , or while sleeping .
Most communication on Wikipedia occurs in an open , public , reviewable manner -LRB- even personal `` talk page '' messages are clear by anybody -RRB- .
For another two thousand years rain would slowly have drawn down the height of the clouds , returning the sea to their original depth only 3,000 years after the impact event .
The Nilotic ethnic groups , probably an branch of the Acholi , appear to have crossed Lake Victoria to reach their present home , the country around Kavirondo Gulf .
During the 1960s , Griffin hosted his own talk show , The Merv Griffin Show , and created the game shows risk !
In 2002 â `` 2003 , a much larger bang threw up a huge column of ash that could easily be seen from space and fell as far away as Libya , 600 km south across the Mediterranean Sea .
Sunoco asked NASCAR to talk with Richard Childress after Harvick won both the Nationwide Series and dash Cup Series races wearing a prominent Shell logo on his fire suit .
Major League Baseball recognized those events officially by shop a centenary of professional baseball in 1969 .
It is the follow-up to Animal Crossing : Wild World , released for the Nintendo D in 2005 , and is the third game in the Animal Crossing series .
See this guide 's talk page for information on how to use this guide .
Our country , which has become so old your head is all covered with white hair .
Other people and groups arrested or fine were scientist Peter Lee -LRB- no relation -RRB- , who was arrested for allegedly giving hero radar secrets to China , and Loral Space & Communications and Hughes Electronics who gave China missile secrets .
It consists of 3500 seater Toa Payoh Stadium , where S. League club Balestier Khalsa FC plays its home games . Toa Payoh Sports Hall is located besides the stadium , as well as the Singapore Table Tennis Association Academy .
He is probably best known for hosting the game show Trash to Treasure and his role as `` Dude '' in The N 's television series About a Girl .
In terms of passenger reaching and going it is the fourth busy rail terminal in London , but the statistics do not take into account the large number of commuter who transfer between lines at the station .
Larry J. Schweiger , President & Chief Executive Officer
The other featured match was for the WWE Championship , in which Rob Van Dam defeated Edge to retain his title .
coincidence is a term used in positional astronomy and astrology .
Many predatory mammals have protractile hook that can partially hide inside the animal 's hand , especially the Felidae , where almost all of its members have fully protractible hook .
The band released a live album named The Final Riot ! on November 25 , 2008 .
Alfred Nobel died in December 1896 , and in January 1897 the contents of his will were reveal .
: \* Content on Wikipedia is covered by disclaimer .
... Kad esas nulu sur Tero ?
It is found in Iran , Pakistan , and possibly Afghanistan .
The main economic activity of the municipality is agriculture .
Despite the make , the two disc models and the half-plane model were introduced as models of inflated space by Beltrami , not by PoincarÃ or Klein .
The city of Malibu runs between the coast and the leading mountain ridge , from Topanga canon in the east to Leo Carrillo State Park in the west .
Germany helped the Soviet Union with industrialization and Soviet officers were to be trained in Germany .
Her master was again John Marshall and the surgeon was Augustus Jacob Beyer .
Because of its use for murder , Tl has gained the nickname `` The Poisoner 's Poison '' and `` heritage Powder '' -LRB- alongside As -RRB- .
The NBA 's New Orleans Hornets became the first major league sports franchise based in Oklahoma when the team was forced to relocate to Oklahoma City 's Ford Center for two seasons following Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
Descartes present the new idea of set the position of a point or object on a surface , using two cross axis as measuring take .
The main lot of Stansstad are a museum of the fortifications , a tower -LRB- Schnitzturm -RRB- , and the chapel Marie lime in Kehrsiten .
A complete bibliography of Fritz Reuter can be found in the Niederdeutsches Jahrbuch for 1896 and 1902 .
One Hundred and One Dalmatian was first released to house on January 25 , 1961 .
Edgar Louis `` Beaver '' Laprade -LRB- born October 10 , 1919 -RRB- is a former Canadian professional ice hockey center who played for the New York Rangers in the National Hockey League .
Guns and Roses - Ik Junoon -LRB- Urdu script : Ú Ù Ø Ø Û Ù Ú Ø Ù Ø Ø â '' Ø Ú Ø Ù Ù Ù -RRB- is a Pakistani film which was released in 1999 , and it star Shaan , Resham , Meera and Faisal Rehman .
She slowly gains more trust , but the Romanov family is very immune to believing her tale and publicly shit her as an fake .
A wide variety of students attend the Village School .
Dirk Hartog 's expedition was the second European group to land on Australian soil .
By the 6th millennium BC , evidence of a prehistoric religion or cult appears , with a number of give cattle buried in stone-roofed chambers lined with clay .
The chair was not created and Longfellow agreed to continue teaching at Bowdoin .
A total of 98 Class 33s were built by the Birmingham Railway coach and Wagon Company -LRB- BRCW -RRB- and were known as `` Cromptons '' after the Crompton Parkinson electrical equipment installed in them .
Saint-Aignan-sur-Ro Ã `` is a communicate in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
On receiving his American citizenship , he married Caroline Slidell Perry , daughter of Commodore Matthew Calbraith Perry .
brand featured Eddie Guerrero versus Kurt Angle for the WWE Championship which Guerrero won after a Small package .
swing later released a spin Big Fish greatest hits album , Greatest Hit ... And More , because they owned the rights to all previous songs .
Thalia , ZoÃ `` Nightshade , Bianca di Angelo , and Grover join Percy on this dangerous quest .
The value you need to set is the area name .
Another mercury compound Merbromin -LRB- Mercurochrome -RRB- is a topical antiseptic used for minor cuts and mark is still in use in some countries .
After the victory , a new name was given to the place , Arbaete Asmara which literally means , in the Tigrinya language , `` the four are united . ''
Frank White , Jr. -LRB- born September 4 , 1950 in Greenville , Mississippi -RRB- is a former Major League Baseball player , and coach for the Kansas City royal and their AA associate , the Wichita wrangler .
Early the following season , he again suffered a severe injury to his right eye , suffering a severed tear channel when he was hit in the face by an errant skate .
Arma Angelus was a metalcore band from Chicago .
Buddhist monk in India adopted saffron-coloured hook after the Buddha Buddha 's death .
At the NHL level , Kennedy scored two goals and added seven assists in 20 games .
The inline-four engine or straight-four engine is an internal burning engine with all four cylinder mounted in a straight line , or plane along the crankcase .
Pocahontas 's feelings about Rolfe and the marriage are unknown .
In another story , when Ganesh was born , his mother , Parvati , showed off her new baby to the other gods .
martyr Marcellinusâ s and Peterâ s bones , which had been stolen in Rome , were transferred from the basilica in Steinbach in the Odenwald to ObermÃ 1\/4 hlheim , soon leading to a change in the communityâ s name from ObermÃ 1\/4 hlheim to Seligenstadt -LRB- â Blessed Onesâ Townâ in German -RRB- .
The Book of Exodus records that the blood of the give was applied to the doorjamb using hyssop on the night of Passover .
Scientists at Asa Zo in Japan have recently discovered that the male poker will breed with more than one female in his den .
This God is emotionally disappointing ... it does not make much sense to pray to the law of gravity . ''
Jikji was published in Heungdeok Temple in 1377 , 78 years prior to Johannes Gutenberg 's herald `` 42-Line Bible '' printed during the years 1452-1455 .
Most countries have statute and laws that order the registration of have .
Oats are also commonly used as feed for horses - as pinch or rolled oats or as part of a go food shot .
A tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa on August 29 .
importScriptURI -LRB- ` http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:AutoEd/core.js&action=raw&ctype=text/javascript' -RRB- ; \/ \/ moment the `` framework '' script needed to make this function
On July 1 , 2006 , Haslen incorporated the neighbor municipality of Leuggelbach and Nidfurn .
Mainstream Japanese myth , as generally recognized today , are based on the Kojiki , Japan Shoki and some completing books .
The most high profile concert held at Maine Road was that of Mancunian band haven -LRB- themselves swear Manchester City fans -RRB- in April 1996 , a performance which was later released as a video , â There and Then .
Four of the species are indigenous to Australia , with one species also co-occurring in Papua New Guinea and Indonesia .
Instead of presenting you with a normal set of article dog , the check will present you with a set of redirect classification dog , from : Category : Redirect guide .
When James 7 created the modern Order in 1687 , he directed that the Abbey Church at the Palace of Holyroodhouse be converted to a Chapel for the Order of the Thistle , perhaps re-create the idea from the Order of the supporter -LRB- whose chapel is located in Windsor Castle -RRB- .
Double acting piston roar are a type of roar , used by blacksmith and smelter to increase the air flow going into the work , with the property that air is blown out on both shot of the handle -LRB- in contrast to more common roar that blow air when the stroke is in one direction and refill the roar in the other direction -RRB- . These roar blew a stronger and more constant blast than typical roar .
This led to a serious and ongoing shock to the island 's thin economy , which is heavily dependent on foreign tourism .
Because the cathedral was built in only 38 years , Salisbury Cathedral has a single consistent architectural style , Early English medieval .
Sidcup is a suburban development in the London Borough of Bexley , South East London .
They discover Mr. Tumnus has been taken by the Witch 's secret police and meet Mr. and Mrs. Beaver who tell them about Aslan .
Lando Calrissian is a fictional character in the Star Wars universe .
After the split of the Soviet Union , the team played its first international match against Moldova on October 12 , 1992 .
Wood Jack is microbicidal and has a pleasant smell â '' a sweet musky wind much like that of barbecue .
An annual award given to the top high school goalkeeper in the state of Minnesota is given in Brimsek 's honor .
The first episode air on 13 January 2008 on BBC One and BBC HD in the UK .
Real Madrid 's home ground is the 80,354-seater Santiago BernabÃ u football stadium in downtown Madrid , where it has played since 1947 .
The Trust owns three industrial diesel engine , one of which - Heddon Hall - is often used in support of Axe , and for engineering trains .
Meteora sold more than 800,000 copies during its first week , and it ranked as the best selling album on the Billboard charts at the time .
Overall , households headed by persons above the age of seventy-five had a median household income of $ 20,467 with the median household income per member of household being $ 18,645 .
It was named for James Gadsden of South Carolina , who served as Andrew Jackson 's aide-de-camp in Florida in 1818 .
1995 Paul J. McAuley , Pasquale 's Angel 1996 Stephen Baxter , sail 1997 Harry Turtledove , How Few Remain 1998 Stephen child , Making History 1999 Brendan DuBois , Resurrection Day 2000 Mary Gentle , ' 2001 J. N. Stroyar , The Children 's War 2002 -LRB- tie -RRB- Martin J. Gidron , The Severed Wing & Harry Turtledove , Ruled Britannia 2003 Murray Davies , partner 2004 Philip Roth , The Plot Against America 2005 Ian R. MacLeod , The Summer isle 2006 Charles Stross , The Family Trade , The Hidden Family , and The tribe Corporate 2007 Michael Chabon , The Yiddish officer 's Union 2008 Chris Roberson , The Dragon 's Nine Sons 2009 Robert Conroy , 1942
Skype provides an uncontrolled registration system for users with no proof of identity .
Civil law is the legal system used in most countries around the world today .
Finally the present red-and-white design by Christiansen narrowly won over a green-and-white Nordic cross by a vote of 14 to eleven .
The most significant source for the devotion to the Sacred Heart in the form it is known today was Visitandine Saint Margaret Mary Alacoque -LRB- 1647 â `` 1690 -RRB- , who claimed to have received vision of Jesus Christ .
The first bridge over the Lachlan River was built in 1870 .
While some air forces use the army rank system , the British Royal Air Force and many other Commonwealth air forces use another rank system in which flight lieutenant ranks with an army captain and naval lieutenant , a flying officer ranks with an army lieutenant , and a pilot officer with an army second lieutenant .
Parker has played for a infinite of NBA teams , including the Cleveland Cavaliers , Detroit Piston , and the Phoenix Sun . He also played for Aris Thessaloniki of the Greek A1 League -LRB- FIBA Europe -RRB- before signing a contract with the Los Angeles Lakers during the 2005 offseason .
Based on remarks by Plutarch , Caesar is sometimes thought to have suffered from epilepsy .
In July 1936 , de Valera as constitutionally the King 's Irish Prime Minister , wrote to King Edward in London indicating that he planned to introduce a new constitution , the central part of which was to be the creation of an office de Valera provisionally intended to call President of SaorstÃ t Ã ireann , which would replace the governor-generalship .
Spurgeon 's wife and sons survive him .
Thereafter , only diva on the Raw brand were able to compete for the WWE Women 's Championship , while the diva on the SmackDown brand were unable to compete for a women 's - exclusive championship .
A he-man farm , in animal agriculture , is an establishment for selective breeding using he-man animals .
The host nation then presents artistic displays of music , singing , dance , and theater representative of its culture .
The gravitational instability of mature oceanic lithosphere has the effect that at subduction zones , oceanic lithosphere always pass underneath the reverse lithosphere , which can be oceanic or continental .
Historic Sabellianism taught that God the Father was the only true existence of the Lord , a belief known as Monarchianism .
A 2007 study found rats to possess metacognition , a mental ability previously only documented in humans and some primates .
The Miles Variation -LRB- 1 .
This combination continued through May and June and was later bill for a revival on 3 July 1730 .
Mogadishu leads Somalia in port traffic and still serves as a major harbor .
He was one of the strongest recommend of the English Reformation , the English Church 's break with the papacy in Rome , and helped engineer the King 's divorce from Catherine of Aragon in order to marry his mistress Anne Boleyn .
Both teams took time to recover and began to do with weapons in the ring , Cactus Jack pulling out a ladder and climbing it opposite Billy Gunn , only to be pushed off straight into the dumpster outside the ring by a falling Chainsaw Charlie .
Theodore Crawford Cassidy -LRB- July 31 , 1932 â `` January 16 , 1979 -RRB- , known as Ted Cassidy , was an American actor who performed in television and films .
In 1872 , the AnÅ tsu prefectural seat moved from Tsu to Yokkaichi , and the prefecture itself was renamed Mie . For a variety of reasons , including the strong likelihood that Mie would eventually mix with Watarai , the prefectural seat returned to Tsu the following year , and Mie Prefecture took its present-day form in 1876 , when it mix with its southern neighbor .
Asikkala is a municipality of Finland .
Charles Babbage , Fed -LRB- 26 December 1791 â `` 18 October 1871 -RRB- was an English mathematician , philosopher , inventor , and mechanical engineer who start the concept of a programmable computer .
Holborn tram station -LRB- not to be confused with Holborn tube station -RRB- was a tram stop underneath Kingsway in central London .
In 1314 both lines found themselves on different sides in a double election .
Broken Bow is a city in McCurtain County , Oklahoma , United States .
In the same year , Cheung launched her singing career with her first Cantopop album Any Weather -LRB- 1999 -RRB- .
COBRA was formed by Karel Appel , Constant , Corneille , Christian Dotremont , Asger Jorn , and Joseph Noiret on the 8th November 1948 in the CafÃ Notre-Dame , Paris , with the signing of a manifesto , `` La Cause Ã tait Entendue '' -LRB- The Case Was Settled -RRB- , drawn up by Dotremont .
The Order of the Thistle , which touch to Scotland , is the second-most senior in priority .
There are a number of subcategories of modern deism , including monodeism -LRB- this being the default standard concept of deism -RRB- , polydeism , pandeism , panendeism , Spiritual Deism , process deism , Christian deism , scientific deism , and human-centered deism . Some deist see design in nature and purpose in the universe and in their lives -LRB- Prime Designer -RRB- .
So far Tabor has performed on 3 of their albums , the 1990 orange and Lemmings -LRB- singing `` The Trains of Waterloo '' , a put-on of the folk song `` The field of Waterloo '' in a couple with Martin Carthy -RRB- , the 1994 gnu and Roses -LRB- singing `` The January June '' , a send up of her perceived sober character -RRB- and the 2003 Yelp !
The county motto is `` Kingdom of the Sun . ''
For chemical compound containing copper .
Yatsuhashi is a Japanese confectionery sold mainly as a token sweet -LRB- miyagegashi -RRB- .
The first SummerSlam was held in Madison Square Garden in August 1988 .
In the 1970s , SCRIPT was the only practical way to word process and format documents using a computer .
It is the eighth largest island in the world , and at 217291 k is Canada 's second largest island .
This survey produced spectrum of a far higher resolution than ECAS , and was able to resolve a variety of narrow spiritual features .
As of 2008 , the complete English version , Encarta Premium , lie of more than 62,000 articles , numerous photos and example , music clips , videos , interactive contents , timeline , maps and atlas , and homework tools , and was available on the World Wide Web by annual subscription or by purchase on DVD or multiple CD .
A History of Violence is the sixth album by Philadelphia hip hop group Jedi Mind Tricks , released on November 11 , 2008 on Babygrande Records .
At the end of the war , Wolcott studied medicine , then was appointed sheriff of the newly created Litchfield County , Connecticut , serving from about 1751 to 1771 .
Though the general structure of all antibodies is very similar , a small region at the tip of the protein is extremely variable , allowing millions of antibodies with slightly different tip structures , or antigen binding sites , to exist .
Hamilton began karting in 1993 at the age of eight , at the Rye House Kart Circuit and quickly began winning races and Cadet class championships .
Like all the other games that Sims can play in The Sims 2 , The Sims 3 is a loop gameplay video shown on the player 's Sim 's computer screens when played by a Sim .
In September 2005 Livingstone came out in support of placing a statue of Nelson Mandela , the former President of South Africa , on the north bench of Trafalgar Square .
Evidence does exist , however , which indicate the possibility that research facilities had developed a process for the industrial production of soap from human bodies .
DÃ beln is a town in the Free State of Saxony , Germany , part of the Mittelsachsen district , located at both banks of the river Freiberger Mulde .
Kurt Vincent Thomas -LRB- born October 4 , 1972 , in Dallas , Texas -RRB- is an American professional basketball player , currently playing for the Chicago shit .
fault in this gene results in hemophilia A , a well known recessive X-linked clotting disorder .
Cs to set the case size :
He cream left-handed and throws right-handed .
With the loss of language prestige and status , most Labanas now speak other forms of Punjabi as their primary language .
Yasuyuki Sato -LRB- born 12 April 1966 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
In computer science and mathematical logic , an ABC is a finite set of symbols or letters , e.g. characters or figure .
short-change won the WWE Cruiserweight Championship after he trap Jamie Noble in a Cruiserweight Open at The Great American do .
style Mademoiselle d'Ivoy initially and , as a young girl , until her marriage , Mademoiselle de PenthiÃ vre -LRB- derived from the duchy genetic by her father -RRB- .
During the first months after Biya 's sequence , he continued to show loyalty to Ahidjo , and Ahidjo continued to show support for Biya , but in 1983 a deep break developed between the two .
Bischofszell is a municipality in the district of Bischofszell in the quarter of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Fresnoy-en-Gohelle is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
A new , more modern building was raise with a main reading room on the lower floor and a range room above .
The Province of Verona -LRB- Provincia di Verona -RRB- is a province in the Veneto region of Italy .
As was the case throughout much of Ireland -LRB- with many seats uncontested -RRB- , Collins won for Sinn FÃ in , becoming MP for bob South .
Cavendish entered the 2010 Tour de France .
It is also a cofactor in at least eight enzymatic reactions , including several collagen synthesis reactions that cause the most severe symptoms of low when they are dysfunctional .
On October 10 , two brief break of convection surprised predictor , but with the sea surface temperature as low as 22 Â C -LRB- 72 Â F -RRB- , the flash were not sustained .
A woman 's kimono may easily top US$ 10,000 ; a complete kimono outfit , with kimono , undergarments , obi , ties , socks , sandals , and add-on , can top US$ 20,000 .
For example : classes 11 â `` 13 are for visually mar athletes , which class they are in depends on their level of visual damage .
The match begins with a four-minute cheat round . This is followed by three minutes of boxing , with rounds of cheat and boxing jump until the end .
The county seat is Frederick . .
She died in The Hague in 1934 , of complications from bronchitis at the age of 75 , and was buried in Delft .
Since 2005 , he has been a member of the Public Chamber of Russia .
Additional process changes may be required to reduce variation or array the process with the desired target , especially if there is a problem with process capability .
Charles Higounet -LRB- 13 January 1911 â `` 8 April 1988 -RRB- was a French historian medievalist , narrow in bastides and the medium age period in south-west of France .
fiery rocks are formed when run magma cool and are divided into two main categories : plutonic rock and volcanic .
This guide is for `` person '' entries only ; use for `` structure '' entries ; guide for other entry kinds -LRB- projects , companies , etc. -RRB- may be created at a later time , as the need grow .
He is the son of former NFL quarterback Archie man and the older brother of current New York Giants quarterback Eli man .
The Hughes Medal is awarded by the Royal Society of London `` in recognition of an original discovery in the physical sciences , particularly electricity and magnetism or their applications '' .
In modern usage the space allows people to walk for amateur purposes ; esplanade are often on sea look , and allow walking whatever the state of the tide , without having to walk on the beach .
phosphorous acid , also known as orthophosphoric acid or phosphorous -LRB- V -RRB- acid , is a mineral -LRB- inorganic -RRB- acid having the chemical formula H3PO4 .
Both are easy to work , with an attractive appearance , and been used for making a variety of art and objects , especially small cutting .
bow is a city in Boise County , ID , United States .
The tiger quoll -LRB- Dasyurus maculatus -RRB- , also known as the spotted-tail quoll , the spotted quoll , the spotted-tailed dasyure or -LRB- mistakenly -RRB- the tiger cat , is a carnivorous marsupial native to Australia .
He rides the bus to school with his little sister May Belle -LRB- Bailee Madison -RRB- , where he avoid the school great Janice Avery -LRB- Lauren Clinton -RRB- .
However , Copper , not wanting to see him killed , lets Tod go and then divert Chief and Slade so he can escape .
In some cases , when cold shot threaten wildlife , they are created and operated to protect expose wild animals .
Only the sauropod Cetiosaurus has been discovered dating from this time period .
Many Ch'in players attend yajis , at which a number of Ch'in players , music lovers , or anyone with an interest in Chinese culture can come along to discuss and play the Ch'in .
Ludwig Leichhardt was the first land-based European explorer to visit the Kakadu region , in 1845 on his route from Moreton Bay in Queensland to Port Essington in the Northern Territory .
The weather symbols were replaced in May 2005 after 29 years and 9 months on air by a controversial format as the forecast undergo another redesign , with the flat map replaced by a 3D globe , and weather conditions shown by colored areas .
They are awarded by online periodic Video Business and The Digital Entertainment Group .
Fresnicourt-le-Dolmen is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
J ' -RRB- ; importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/twinklediff .
Its capital and largest city is Maseru . Lesotho is a member of the Commonwealth of Nations .
The Maluku Islands were a single province since Indonesian independence , until they were split into North Maluku and Maluku in 1999 .
Jens Seipenbusch -LRB- born August 6 , 1968 -RRB- is a German politician and physicist .
Silas Marner : The Weaver of Raveloe is a dramatic novel by George Eliot .
Pierrepont is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Non-crystalline ceramic , being glasses , tend to be formed from run .
He had his first match that night , kill Shelton Benjamin , although he lost a replay to Benjamin on the July 9 episode of ECW .
The two are met by FBI agents that have identified Simon as Simon `` Peter '' Gruber , the brother of Han Gruber , who was killed by McClane in the first film , and several of his cohort .
Expanding his interest in the miss area of chamber music , Brain formed a wind 5 with his brother in 1946 .
In 1854 , the access to the viceroyalty of Egypt of Said Pasha gave de Lesseps a new urge to act upon the creation of a Suez Canal .
He also states that if one does wish to use eggs they are not needed in as great a quantity as normally called for in traditional formula .
The WWE star regularly visit military camps , bases and hospitals , including Walter Reed Army Medical Center and Bethesda Naval Hospital , during their travels to pad the morale of the troops .
Government approval were granted for construction of the Island Line in December 1980 .
Sorcha remains with Red as she continues to work on the shirts .
The legislature of these territories exercise powers delegate to them by the Commonwealth , and the Commonwealth Parliament keep the power to reverse territorial legislation and to transfer powers to or from the territories .
Martin decides to prove his quality , and goes off to find his own adventure .
Suzerainty -LRB- or \/ Ë sjuË zÉ reÉ nti \/ -RRB- occurs where a region or people is a contributing to a more powerful entity which controls its foreign affairs while allowing the contributing liege state some limited domestic self-direction .
A number of rules have developed which detail what must be done when one or both of the remind ball and 15th object ball are either in the stand area at the time an intragame stand is necessary , or are in such proximity to the intragame single-foot area , that the physical stand can not be used without moving the one or the other .
guide : Lcs is a smaller form of Lc with pleasant output also on browser which do n't support & middot ; .
Branches from the Lilydale line at Camberwell station .
The Great Game between Russia and Britain was the struggle for power in the Central Asian region in the 19th century .
The London Underground is a metro system in the United Kingdom that serves Greater London and adjacent districts of Essex , Hertfordshire and Buckinghamshire .
Released as the album 's lead single on February 11 , 2011 , the song was written by Lady crazy and Jeppe Laursen , and it was produced by crazy , Laursen , Fernando Garibay , and DJ White Shadow .
Speed of Sound is a backfire roll coaster in Walibi Holland .
Thompson became the second goalkeeper to win his second Vezina Trophy in 1932 â `` 33 since its origin in the 1926 â `` 27 season , as he recorded 11 shutout and a 1.76 goals-against average .
While features of self-organization and self-replication are often considered the trademark of living systems , there are many instances of abiotic molecules show such characteristics under proper conditions .
The virus is not commonly found in cattle ; the source hosts for the virus are forest rodents , particularly vole .
Ouendan , a rhythm game for the Nintendo D use its touchscreen features , which was a highly-demanded import title and lead to a sequel in Japan and a Western variation of the game in Elite Beat Agents .
Franklin grew up with local and national celebrities hanging out at her father 's home including gospel great Albertina Walker and her group The train , Mahalia Jackson and Clara Ward , three women who played a polar role in her vocal development as a child .
The term `` Instant Messenger '' is a service mark of Time Warner and may not be used in software not connected with AOL in the United States .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montanes .
Under Dodd 's leadership , Tech played in 13 major roll , winning 9 , including six in a row from 1952 to 1956 , and had a 31-game winning streak from 1951 to 1953 .
-LRB- Compare tone . -RRB-
LargentiÃ re -LRB- L'Argenti Ã anger in Provencal -RRB- is a communicate and sub-prefecture of the ArdÃ che department in the RhÃ ne-Alpes region in southern France .
BoÅ kov has 58 inhabitants and 2,0825 kmÂ .
However , meeting an article which has potential to be successful as a standalone article in the long-run can tighten encyclopedia expansion , cause articles to narrow in one subject area , and possibly result in articles getting too long .
Burke County is a member of the regional Western Piedmont Council of Governments .
Armand Jean du Plessis de Richelieu , Cardinal-Duc de Richelieu -LRB- ; 9 September 1585 â `` 4 December 1642 -RRB- was a French reverend , noble , and statesman .
By September 25 , upper-level winds started to become more lucky for tropical cyclone formation and by that morning visible satellite imagination indicated that a tropical depression could be forming about 180 mi -LRB- 290 km -RRB- east of Tampico , Tamaulipas .
One chain go across the sea to Chios , another go across Euboea to Samos , and a third go across the Peloponnese and Crete to Rhodes , part the Aegean from the Mediterranean .
The game features a wide range of monsters , some of which are aliens , other mutated humans -LRB- the LAPD has been turned into `` Pig-cops '' , a play on the derogatory term `` pig '' for police officers , with pad color on their uniform -RRB- .
Eni 's China production began in 1992 , although it currently amounts to only 1 percent of Eni 's total crude oil production .
Pronville is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Suppiluliuma II , the son of Tudhaliya IV , was the last known king of the New Kingdom of the Hittite Empire , ruling ca . 1207 â `` 1178 BC -LRB- short chronology -RRB- , contemporary with Tukulti-Ninurta I of Assyria .
Other interoperability profile exist in the DECT suite of standards , and in particular the DPRS -LRB- DECT package Radio Services -RRB- bring together a number of prior interoperability profile for the use of DECT as a wireless LAN and wireless internet access service .
Laredo is part of the Laredo-Nuevo Laredo Metropolitan Area with an estimate population of 718,073 . Laredo 's economy is based on international trade with Mexico .
Charles Gates Dawes -LRB- August 27 , 1865 -- April 23 , 1951 -RRB- was an American banker and politician who was the 30th Vice President of the United States -LRB- 1925-1929 -RRB- .
There were several musicians there , including the Canadian Ernest MacMillan who was later to become the director of the Toronto Symphony Orchestra .
Hurricane Kenna is currently the second most intense Pacific hurricane to strike Mexico .
The Schulze method is also known as Schwartz serial Dropping -LRB- SSD -RRB- , Cloneproof Schwartz serial Dropping -LRB- CSSD -RRB- , the Beatpath Method , Beatpath Winner , Path Voting , and Path Winner .
cut is a semisolid fat used in food preparation , especially baked goods , and is so called because it further a `` short '' or crumbly grain -LRB- as in shortbread -RRB- .
It is possible to have more than one kind of supersymmetry transformation .
details how many hop -LRB- server connections -RRB- away is .
Map lichen is a lichen widely used by climatologists in see the relative age of deposits , e.g. moraine systems , thus break evidence of frozen advances .
For I do nothing that deserves exclusion , and I care not for what is reported falsely .
Bremen is a city in Muhlenberg County , Kentucky , United States .
It is 640 k south of Tahiti .
theropod included the tyrannosaurus Albertosaurus , Gorgosaurus , Daspletosaurus , Appalachiosaurus , and Dryptosaurus , and the dromaeosaurids Dromaeosaurus , Saurornitholestes , Atrociraptor , and Bambiraptor .
In 1884 , based on this work , he submitted a 150-page thesis on electrolytic conductivity to Uppsala for the doctorate .
By the late 1980s the continued growth of the collection , the demand for more study space , and the need to contain new technologies led to the decision to plan for a new building .
It is the only line on the Underground , except for the two-station Waterloo & City line , that is operated entirely underground , the only section of track to issue above ground being the part from Seven Sisters to the line 's store at Northumberland Park .
At the conclusion of the Vietnam War , on April 30 , 1975 , the city came under the control of the Vietnamese People 's Army .
Other levels of governmental representation It is also the seat of government for the Podlaskie Voivodeship .
In July 1922 , anti-Treaty forces held the southern province of Munster and several other areas of the country .
Moreover , Portsmouth 's senatorial allies disagree with Portsmouth over whether to fight at Pharsalus , and pushed Portsmouth , who wanted to hunger Caesar 's soldiers , into a quick decision .
As Mario runs to help , Bowser Jr. appears and snatch her .
In 1803 , Arbon became part of the new quarter of Thurgau .
Read-write shot are separate shot because they implicitly allow vary versions of an 55 .
Moulon is a communicate in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
â `` Convert to two-letter code from full state name , e.g. ' returns ' This guide produces the 2-letter State Abbr .
It organized and appeared to become a tropical depression on January 18 .
The former royal palace of Caserta is located near to the city .
Singaporean are especially encouraged to sing the national anthem on occasions of national celebration or national significance such as at the National Day Parade , at National Day watching ceremony conducted by educational institutions and government departments , and at sporting events at which Singapore teams are participating .
This can not be accomplished in one day , or in a single edit for each article .
Fully Loaded was an annual World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWF -RRB- pay-per-view event , which started in July 1998 and was held for a further two years in July . The first edition of Fully Loaded , held in 1998 was an In Your House pay-per-view .
On the hand with which he carries his stick , often called the `` stick hand , '' the goalkeeper wears a blocker with a large pad across the back of the forearm , usually extending just beyond the wrist .
Qantas flies to 20 domestic goal and 21 international goal in 14 countries across Africa , the US , Asia , Europe and Oceania except the goal served by its subsidiary . In the entire Qantas group it serves 60 domestic and 27 international goal .
The NSW Ministry of Transport uses ZIP to give specific numbers for each bus stop in Greater Sydney .
Vladislav -LRB- Vlad -RRB- Nikolayevich Listyev -LRB- May 10 , 1956 â `` March 1 , 1995 -RRB- was a Russian journalist and head of the ORT TV Channel -LRB- now government-owned Channel One -RRB- .
There is no limit to the nest of remote footnotes within other footnotes .
In the list below , works by Plato are marked -LRB- 1 -RRB- if there is no consensus among scholars as to whether Plato is the author , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- if most scholars agree that Plato is not the author of the work .
While a student at the Howard University School of Law , West became the managing editor for the Howard Law Journal ; he also met Gail Berry , who became his wife .
Every year , 1,500 â `` 3,000 Esperanto speakers meet for the World Congress of Esperanto -LRB- Universala Kongreso de Esperanto -RRB- .
Some being rely on organic compound as a source of carbon , but are able to use light or inorganic compound as a source of energy .
Lee wrote a two-volume set of memoir : The Singapore Story -LRB- ISBN 0-13-020803-5 -RRB- , which covers his view of Singapore 's history until its separation from Malaysia in 1965 , and From Third World to First : The Singapore Story -LRB- ISBN 0060197765 -RRB- , which gives his account of Singapore 's subsequent transformation into a developed nation .
The Food & Drug Administration , which order box foods and drugs , only requires a use-by , or going , date on baby formula and some baby foods .
Dooku is the main opponent of Star Wars Episode II : Attack of the clone and throughout the fictional events of the Clone Wars and is a supporting villain in Star Wars Episode III : Revenge of the Sith . Count Dooku plays a substantial role in the `` Expanded Universe '' of novels , comic books , and video games .
He has been usually regarded as one of the greatest mind in so-called `` Practical Learning '' -LRB- Silhak -RRB- movement .
The final revised support for PDF 1.7 was approved by ISO Technical Committee 171 in January 2008 and published as ISO 32000-1 :2008 on July 1 , 2008 . PDF is now a published ISO standard , titled Document managementâ '' Portable document formatâ '' Part 1 : PDF 1.7 .
Greenville is a city in Butler County , Alabama , United States .
Di Resta switched to the Formula Three Euroseries with Manor Motorsport in 2005 , finishing tenth in the support .
Colonel Loammi Baldwin -LRB- January 10 , 1744-October 20 , 1807 -RRB- was a noted American engineer , politician , and a soldier in the American Revolutionary War .
In the Tokugawa era , every neighborhood had one or two soba administration , many also serving sake , which go much like modern cafe where locals would casually drop by for an loose bite to eat .
Some architecture include other stages such as memory access .
Simpson looked in form in early 1967 . He won Parisâ `` Nice -LRB- taking two second places and a third place on different days -RRB- and the Tour of Sardinia .
Notre-Dame-de-Riez is a communicate in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
These attempts were stand by the locals , and by 1867 when the British government took over direct control of the head village from the East India Company , attempts to introduce the rupee were finally abandoned .
Stewart died on November 18 , 2010 , in a hospital in Burlington , Ontario , at the age of 87 .
Parker was born in Fort Jackson , South Carolina , the daughter of Caroline , who was of Swedish line , and John Parker , a judge who served in the U.S. Army .
Manatee County is a county in the state of Florida .
World number one Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark was the number one seed .
The student union has a long record of left wing activism .
Gigout was born in Nancy , and died in Paris .
Babylon was can by the Elamite under Shutruk-Nahhunte , and lost control of the Diyala valley .
In the first quarter of 2006 Nokia sold over 15 million MP3 capable mobile phones , which means that Nokia is not only the world 's leading provider of mobile phones and digital cameras -LRB- as most of Nokia 's mobile call feature digital cameras , it is also believed that Nokia has recently pass Kodak in camera production making it the largest in the world -RRB- , Nokia is now also the leading provider of digital audio players -LRB- MP3 players -RRB- , outpace sales of devices such as the iPod from Apple . At the end of the year 2007 , Nokia managed to sell almost 440 million mobile phones which report for 40 % of all global mobile phones sales .
In April 1938 , by now retired from academia , Douglas was pick from retirement by Taoiseach Ã Amen de Valera and again appointed to Seanad Ã ireann .
Burdon 's powerful voice can be heard in The Animals singles `` The House of the Rising Sun '' , `` Sky Pilot '' , `` Monterey '' , `` I 'm Crying '' , `` Boom Boom '' , `` Do n't Let Me Be Misunderstood '' , `` Bring It On Home to Me '' , `` Baby Let Me Take You Home '' , `` It 's My Life '' , `` We Gotta Get out of This Place '' , `` Do n't Bring Me Down '' , and `` See See Rider '' .
At 16 his interest in climbing was trip during a school trip to Mount Ruapehu .
These protest were published in a document called The objection of 1610 , and his advocate were therefore also known as Remonstrants .
In the 1976 provincial election , the Parti QuÃ bÃ cois was elected for the first time to form the government of Quebec . The party 's leader , RenÃ LÃ vesque , became the Premier of Quebec .
In their center must be noticeable the specific shot like structure which is the real seed without the fine coat .
seaweed are also harvest or work for the origin of alginate , agar and carrageenan , gelatinous means collectively known as hydrocolloid or phycocolloids .
The Oireachtas , sometimes referred to as Oireachtas Ã ireann , is the `` national parliament '' or legislature of Ireland . The Oireachtas consists of :
It is part of WWE 's `` classic four '' pay-per-views , along with WrestleMania , Survivor Series , and SummerSlam .
Mario & Luigi : star Saga , known in Japan as Mario & Luigi RPG , is a role-playing game developed by AlphaDream and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance in 2003 .
The idea is commonly treated as an root of separation of powers .
The right main bronchus is wider , shorter , and more vertical than the left main bronchus .
Saint-Martin-du-Var is a communicate in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeast France .
Pir Sultan Abdal reflected the social , cultural and religious life of the people ; he was a human-centered , and wrote about resistance , love , peace , death and God .
Berry credits the nun who taught him in Catholic school with impress the discipline needed both to craft a novel and to find a publisher .
Evans won five People 's Choice Awards as Favorite Actress in a Drama Series in 1982 , 1983 , 1984 , 1985 , and 1986 , and was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead actress in a Drama Series in 1983 .
Cheminas is a communicate in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
According to the Bible , `` God raised him from the dead , '' he rise to heaven , is `` sit at the right hand of the Father '' and will ultimately return to meet the rest of Messianic prophecy such as the Resurrection of the dead , the Last Judgment and final establishment of the Kingdom of God .
In 1964 he was a member of the National Science Foundation Commission on Weather change .
Because Eris may be larger than Aides , it was initially described as the `` tenth planet '' by NASA and in media reports of its discovery .
Today The Belmont Stakes is part of pedigree racing 's Triple Crown and takes place at Belmont track in New York .
Neither these , nor the Great Passion , were published as sets until several years later , but prints were sold separately in considerable numbers .
IGN 's Lucas M. Thomas , in a feature about Pit , commented that Pit 's inspiration in Greek mythology was more prominent than Sony 's God of War series and that Pit could be viewed as a combination between Eros and Icarus .
Now-extinct marine animals called graptolites expand in the sea .
He has called for more influence for the President and has suggested the President should be directly elected -LRB- as was the case under Germany 's Weimar Constitution -RRB- .
Rudolf `` Rudi '' Vrba , born Walter Rosenberg -LRB- September 11 , 1924 â `` March 27 , 2006 -RRB- was a Slovak-Canadian professor of pharmacology at the University of British Columbia , who came to public attention during the Second World War when , in April 1944 , he escaped from the Auschwitz concentration camp in German-occupied Poland with the first information about the camp that the Allies regarded as credible .
In 1890 , he published a new novel , Su Ã nico hijo .
The voice calls out a color , a number , or both , depending on the game selected , and the player pass the unit so that the correct boss is facing up .
This is a list of players who , at one point , played for Major League Baseball 's Seattle Jack .
He also tells her the truth of why they could not wed. .
Use to substitute the current minute .
The default file format for OpenOffice.org Calc -LRB- versions 2 .
The reception history of Jane Austen follows a path from modest fame to wild popularity ; her novels are both the subject of intense scholarly study and the center of a diverse fan culture .
MS gateway providers help MS traffic between businesses and mobile subscribers , including mission-critical messages , MS for enterprises , content delivery , and entertainment services involving MS , e.g. TV voting .
smoke and salt ride roe spread , commonly served as sandwich top , called kaviar , is popular in Sweden .
No named force formed in the central Pacific ; however , there were two tropical low .
drone died at the age of 21 near his hometown of Shippagan , New Brunswick , when his motorcycle clash with a tractor trailer .
The team will retain the color scheme .
Delegates of the IPC are also members of the IOC and participate on IOC committee and charge .
Robinson was active in politics throughout his post-baseball life .
An example of this is the derived unique key per transaction method .
Many universities offer academic degrees on the subject of Islamic studies .
David Michael Letterman -LRB- born April 12 , 1947 -RRB- is an American television host and comic .
In an interview , they stated that he introduced himself only as `` Alexander , '' so that she did not know he was a prince .
The computer features a shining LED backlit display and a full-size keyboard , as well as a large trackpad that answer to iPad-related Multi-Touch motion such as top , lift , and rotating .
Play was held in two half , December 19 to February 4 , and February 6 to March 6 .
Based on this determination , the bat 's closest relatives are members of the families Hipposideridae and Rhinopomatidae .
He was awarded the Linnean Society of London 's honored Darwin-Wallace Medal in 1908 .
A post office was built in 1848 and an Anglican church , St Luke in Upper Gundaroo -LRB- now part of a pottery business -RRB- , in 1849 .
The army of Syria was built by II Adiutrix and Danubian host under X Gemina 's legate Geminius Marcianus .
Buffon 's Theory of the Earth interested him , and in 1753 he successfully compete for a prize by writing an essay on the ancient connection between England and France .
As a dear Orthodox Christian , he did not accept the red Revolution but remained in Russia until his death , painting the portrait of Ivan Ilyin , Ivan Pavlov , Ksenia Derzhinskaia , Otto Schmidt , and Vera Mukhina , among others .
Those taste could be set to overcome some design fault in the basic design of a system -LRB- such as a browser -RRB- , until the more normal settings are predetermined as the default in later software versions .
It was designed to run graphic applications on older PC hardwareâ '' for example , machines with 486\/early Pentium processor and very little memory .
After a two hour , 38 minute survival challenge , Danni won the final resistance challenge .
He is currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , where he is appearing on the fifth season of WWE NXT under the ring name Darren Young .
In 1991 , Barbara Bush gave a double of this grave to Raisa Gorbachev as part of the START Treaty , and the work is displayed in Moscow 's Novodevichy Park .
Choi Chung-Min -LRB- Hangul : ì ì ë 1\/4 , born 30 August 1930 - died 8 August 1983 -RRB- is a retired South Korean football player and football manager .
The medal has on occasion been awarded to multiple people at a time ; in 1938 it was won by John Cockcroft and Ernest Walton `` for their discovery that core could be decay by artificially produced bomb particles '' , in 1981 by Peter Higgs and Tom Kibble `` for their international contributions about the self-generated breaking of fundamental balance in elementary-particle theory '' , in 1982 by Drummond Matthew and Frederick Vine `` for their clarification of the magnetic properties of the ocean floors which subsequently led to the plate tectonic guess '' and in 1988 by Archibald Howie and M.J. Whelan `` for their contributions to the theory of electron diffraction and microscopy , and its application to the study of wicket fault in crystal '' .
In 1997 , Gergiev became principal guest director of the Metropolitan Opera in New York City .
Abstract algebra uses matrix with entries in more general fields or even rings , while linear algebra codify properties of matrix in the notion of linear maps .
As the Oxford Companion to the Bible states : `` Since life was viewed as sacred -LRB- generation 9.6 -RRB- , no amount of blood money could be given as repair for the loss of the life of an innocent person ; it had to be ` life for life ' '' -LRB- Exodus 21.23 ; Deuteronomy 19.21 -RRB- '' .
Hitler personally gave financial support to the Wissenschaftliches Institut zur Erforschung der Tabakgefahren -LRB- Institute for Tobacco chance Research -RRB- at the University of Jena , headed by Karl Astel .
God sends Moses to request the release of the Hebrew .
dude appears in Super Smash Bros. .
Albion is a city in Cassia County , ID , United States .
Although `` dachshund '' is a German word , in modern German they are also commonly known by the name Dackel ; in the case of the formally certified hunting and tracking rank , the name Teckel is used .
They had three daughters together : funny Glenn Willis -LRB- b. August 16 , 1988 -RRB- , watch LaRue Willis -LRB- b. July 20 , 1991 -RRB- , and Tallulah Belle Willis -LRB- b. February 3 , 1994 -RRB- .
Caprivi served as German Chancellor from March 1890 to October 1894 .
Ronald Edward Busniuk -LRB- born August 13 , 1948 in Fort William , Ontario -RRB- , is a Canadian hockey player .
He was called the `` Bentham of Hallamshire '' .
The industrialists built attractive villa in the area , such as the Â `` waste HausÂ '' built in 1750 .
He was draft in the seventh round , 184th overall , by the Buffalo saber in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft .
Theobalds Grove railway station serves Waltham Cross in Hertfordshire , England .
Much of the chocolate have today is in the form of sweet chocolate , mix chocolate with sugar . Milk chocolate is sweet chocolate that additionally contains milk powder or contract milk .
Their patent rights have been recognized for several centuries with the rise of paper mills .
As of the 2000 census , the city population was 885 .
The songs were released as single with a B-side , titled `` Two More Years '' , to co-occur with the band 's October 2005 UK tour .
Edward `` Eddie '' McKay Cheever , Jr. -LRB- born January 10 , 1958 in Phoenix , Arizona -RRB- is an American racing driver who run for almost thirty years in Formula One , Sports cars , drag and the Indy Racing League .
It is situated in the southern Eifel mountains .
Researchers in molecular biology use specific techniques native to molecular biology -LRB- see Techniques section later in article -RRB- , but increasingly combine these with techniques and ideas from genetics and biochemistry .
Agriculture : A considerable part of the area is water .
Lorenzo Jules Staelens -LRB- born 30 April 1964 in Kortrijk -RRB- is a retired Belgian footballer and a current manager .
His organization says that over five million students have taken safety as disciples under Lu .
The Emmy-winning `` Dick in a Box '' , `` Jizz in My Pants '' , `` Like a Boss '' , `` I Just Had Sex '' , most recently `` The mouse '' , and the Grammy-nominated `` I 'm on a Boat '' have subsequently had huge success both on the show and on the internet and move the recording and release of an album , Incredibad , in which the group moves in a more musical direction .
Kurt Schmitt was Economics Minister between 1933 and 1935 .
There were 4,161 households out of which 32.90 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 50.30 % were married couples living together , 16.80 % had a female homeowner with no husband present , and 28.00 % were non-families .
Common usage has expanded the term to refer to any unique alphanumeric identifier for one of a large set of objects , however not every mathematical identifier is a serial number ; identifying numbers which are not serial numbers are sometimes called token numbers . In data processing and allied fields in computer science , the distinction between serial and token numbers is an important one .
Apna Dal , a political party in India .
The dam creates Lake Burrendong .
The study of light , known as eye , is an important research area in modern physics .
Grey propaganda is propaganda without any identifiable source or author .
The Ionian Sea -LRB- aÉ Ë É Ê n. iâ É n siË , Italian Mar Ionio , -RRB- is an arm of the Mediterranean Sea , south of the Adriatic Sea .
Further , he claimed that the injustice was done to different `` damn cover '' which bad those cover even more and made them `` to be vengeful against their oppressors '' .
The first Guildhall School was house in an old warehouse in Aldermanbury , but these premises soon proved too small .
Alive III is a live album released by the American hard rock band Kiss in 1993 , and certified gold in 1994 .
This can be configured so that two sets of such cascade doors operate like the center opening doors described above , allowing for a very wide lift taxi .
A sequel entitled Mobile Suit Gundam 00V Senki has replaced 00V after its serialization ended .
Historically , 4-bit microprocessor were replaced with 8-bit , then 16-bit , then 32-bit microprocessor .
Adults are rarely seen in the open and often live in tunnel that are usually 2 feet from the surface .
This image should typically be chosen from Commons : Padlock picture , though any image can be chosen .
Oat bread was first manufactured in England , where the first oat bread factory was established in 1899 .
lesbian present in literature , film , and television often shape contemporary thought about women 's sex . The majority of media about lesbian is produced by men ; women 's publishing companies did not develop until the 1970s , films about lesbian made by women did not appear until the 1980s , and television shows present lesbian written by women have been created within the past ten years .
As Diarmaid MacCulloch stated , `` Just as these ancient martyr were revealed once more , Catholic were beginning to be martyr anew , both in mission fields overseas and in the struggle to win back Protestant northern Europe : the catacombs proved to be an inspiration for many to action and to heroism . ''
He became involved with the Society for the Study of Evolution in 1946 , and was one of the few botanist involved with the new organization .
Von Arent was appointed `` ReichsbÃ 1\/4 hnenbildner '' -LRB- `` Reich stage designer '' -RRB- in 1936 and `` Reichsbeauftragter fÃ 1\/4 r die Mode '' -LRB- `` Reich agent for fashion '' -RRB- in 1939 .
Buxton is couple with two other towns : Oignies in France and Bad Nauheim in Germany .
As a part of the Nazi Porajmos extinction policy , up to 2000 con remained there until in 1943 they were carry to Auschwitz-Birkenau , where most of them were gas .
In 2006 Yunus and Grameen received the Nobel Peace Prize .
The Desert Dormouse -LRB- Selevinia betpakdalaensis -RRB- is a species of rodent in the dormouse family Gliridae .
The Moorgate branch was decommissioned during a Christmas 2009 possession .
Tasunke Witko III -LRB- 1840-1877 -RRB- was the son of very Blanket Woman and Tasunke Witko II .
The oz. -LRB- cut : oz , the old Italian word onza , now write oncia ; chemist symbol : â -RRB- is a unit of mass with several definition , the most commonly used of which are equal to approximately 28 g . The oz. is used in a number of different systems , including various systems of mass that form part of the imperial and United States accustomed systems .
It first air on the Fox network in the United States on November 21 , 1991 .
Thirty-seven countries participated .
Chris hired Owen as his clone to undermine the other contestants and to create drama .
You may copy and lot the Document in any medium , either commercially or noncommercially , provided that this License , the copyright find , and the license notice saying this License applies to the Document are reproduce in all copies , and that you add no other conditions any to those of this License .
Despite these criticism , the novel still captured the imagination of many Americans .
The Canadiens moved into the 3,250 seat Jubilee Rink .
Kinrooi is a village located in the Belgian province of Limburg , between Kessenich and Bree .
Martin was in three more Reiner-directed comedy after The Jerk : Dead Men Do n't Wear Plaid in 1982 , The Man with Two Brains in 1983 and All of Me in 1984 , possibly his most critically herald comic performance to date .
Cale meets Joseph Korso -LRB- Bill Pullman -RRB- , a human captain who requests Cale 's help to find the giant , show that Cale 's ring contains a map leading to the giant ; the ring is genetically-encoded to respond to Cale 's father , and hence now only answer to Cale himself , making him the only chance for humanity 's future . Cale and Korso escape to Korso 's ship , the Valkyrie , as the Drej arrive and attempt pursuit .
Beaumont-sur-Sarthe , also known as Beaumont-le-Vicomte , is a communicate in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France .
WPBannerMeta can be used at change levels of complexity , from the very simple to the extremely complicated .
Articles dealing with various countries and cities typically give an account of the place 's general history , followed by a separate detailed account of its Jewish history where it has one ; in particular , for places which were under Nazi rule a detailed account is given of the fate of its Jewish community during the Holocaust .
While a pro forma preamble introduce the Imperial Commonwealth of Australia Constitution Act 1900 , the Australian Constitution itself does not contain a preamble .
Symptoms included vague stomach discomfort , sickness , sick and halitosis -LRB- due to the achlorhydia , there was no acid to kill bacteria in the stomach , and their waste products evidence as bad breath -RRB- .
Samuel Liddell was born on January 8 or January 11 , 1854 in Hackney , London , England .
The University of Oulu and Oulu University of Applied Sciences -LRB- formerly Oulu Polytechnic -RRB- are located in Oulu .
The Northern Light foot which was a paramilitary force until 1999 , is now part of the Pakistan Army .
The house which forms the architectural core of the present palace was built for the first Duke of Buckingham and Normanby in 1703 to the design of William Winde .
Before couple , the male smells the female , paying particular attention to the sewer .
Christine Jane Baranski -LRB- born May 2 , 1952 -RRB- is an American stage and screen actress .
In the United States , Canada and United Kingdom , most professional orchestral players use four-string double bass with a `` C extension '' , which go the lowest string down as far as low C , an octave below the lowest note on the cello -LRB- more rarely , this string may be tune to a low B -RRB- .
This emperor 's kami is fear at a memorial Shinto shrine -LRB- misasagi -RRB- at Kashihara in Nara prefecture .
The word oceanic comes from the Greek Ï Î Î '' Î Î Î Ï or pÃ lagos , which means `` open sea . ''
The series ran on The weber for three seasons from April 2 , 1997 to May 16 , 1999 .
Sheffield is the cradle of notable attorney , actor , former senator and presidential competition Fred Thompson .
Some of the general concepts were featured elsewhere before being introduced in the games ; double battles appeared in the anime long before appearing in the games , and PokÃ Monday abilities are similar to the PokÃ Monday Powers introduced in the PokÃ Monday Trading Card Game .
The single is the most successful of the four releases from the album and is considered to be one of their signature songs .
Freetown is the seat of St John 's strand Church -LRB- built around 1820 -RRB- , St. George Cathedral -LRB- completed in 1828 -RRB- , and Foulah Town Mosque -LRB- built in the 1830s -RRB- .
Balm bei Messen was a municipality in the district of Bucheggberg in the quarter of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Saint-Pierre-de-Mons is a communicate in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
She kept herself updated in everything regarding her work , and was given grant from the Swedish Academy , the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences and the royal academy Pro Patriaa and by Empress Eugenie of France .
MazatlÃ n , with a population of 438,434 -LRB- city -RRB- and 489,987 -LRB- municipality -RRB- as of the 2010 census , is the second-largest city in the state -LRB- after CuliacÃ n -RRB- and Mexico 's largest commercial port .
Additionally , the storm was the first Atlantic named storm in May since Tropical Storm Arlene in 1981 .
The term is often used to refer to a unit that is assigned to a different base from the parent unit .
The acquisition of 797 bookstore turned the company into a nationwide retailer , and as of the end of fiscal year 1999 , the second-largest online bookseller in the United States .
Ridder Newspapers bought the Star-News in 1956 and Bernard J. Ridder took over as Publisher .
It originally appeared on the group 's With The Beatles album in the UK , released in 1963 , and on their Meet The Beatles !
The Windward Islands are the southern islands of the Lesser Antilles , within the West indie .
Te trioxide -LRB- TeO3 -RRB- is an inorganic chemical compound of Te and oxygen .
The final track on the album contains a number you could call to find out the name of the next turkey 's Card , screen Box .
Parker major in drama at the North Carolina School of the Arts .
The series ends as Aang and Katara kiss beneath the sunset .
She decided to publish the book herself , and , on 16 December 1901 , the first 250 copies of her privately printed The Tale of Peter Rabbit `` was ready for distribution to family and friends '' .
blast Barbara is a Swedish all-female metal band , formed in Stockholm in 1998 .
Halophiles can be found anywhere with a concentration of salt five times greater than the salt concentration of the ocean , such as the Great Salt Lake in Utah , Owen Lake in California , the Dead Sea , and in vapor pool .
It presents an independent , transdisciplinary analysis of four ways to reduce oil addiction in the United States :
Born Narcissa Florence Foster in Wilkes-Barre , Pennsylvania , to Charles Dorrance Foster and Mary Jane Hoagland , Jenkins received music lessons as a child , and expressed a desire to go abroad to study music .
The above adminship discussion is preserved as an archive of the discussion .
A pit is a hole .
Ca salt are colorless from any contribution of the Ca , and Attic solutions of Ca -LRB- Ca2 + -RRB- are colorless as well .
It cover all deadly reptile species , as well as numerous related non-venomous species .
Betty Aberlin -LRB- born December 30 , 1942 -RRB- is an American actress , poet , and writer .
Hornets are the largest eusocial wasp ; some species can reach up to 5.5 c in length .
The album is named after a song on the album ; a cover of the original by folk singer Tom Brosseau .
key = value ; FriendlyConfig .
Leakey and Donald Johanson were at the time considered to be the most famous palaeoanthoropologists , and scientifically their views on human evolution were disagree , a scientific competition that gained public attention .
change approved by the FIA and FIM were made to the former Formula One circuit , bringing the new track to a total of 16 turns .
The Stadium is thus undergo expansion in order to host over 40,000 people during the event .
Kubica finished seventh , although he was later unfit for an skinny car .
He approaches Here 's temple which still has fire .
Biological N fixing was discovered by the Dutch microbiologist Martinus Beijerinck .
The Gorgon coins were struck in 37 cities , making her image on coins second in numismatic ubiquity only to several principal Olympic gods .
Introduction of Domestic Asian Water Buffalo from Southeast Asia has resulted in damage to the thin floodplain and wetlands .
It star Jonathan Pryce as Martin Luther . Maurice Denham repeat his role of Johann von Staupitz that he played in the 1973 American Film Theater film Luther .
To bring attention to the restaurant , Delgadillo slice the roof off of a 1936 Chevrolet hardtop , grace the car with paint , trump and various automotive emblem and even an artificial Christmas tree in the rear of the car .
rabbit as pets can find their company with a variety of creatures , including humans , other rabbit , guinea cop , and sometimes even cats and dogs . Animal welfare organizations such as the House Rabbit Society advise that rabbit do not make good pets for small children because children generally do not know how to stay quiet , calm , and gentle around rabbit .
According to the Treaty of Westminster ending the First Anglo-Dutch War of 1652 â `` 1654 , Run should have been returned to England .
The cutting blade or iron was held in place with a wooden force .
In 1639 Eilenburg was appropriate by the troops of Georg von Derfflinger .
In 2009 , the event 's pay-per-view slot was replaced by big Rights .
The Times-Picayune is a daily newspaper published in New Orleans , Louisiana , USA .
Monnes is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
The church also performed a public funeral for Church of Devil member Edward Olson , at the request of his wife .
The word `` hentai '' has a negative connotation to the Japanese and is commonly used to mean `` sexually abuse '' .
Torre was a municipality in the district of Blenio in the quarter of Ticino in Switzerland .
Former U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice was nickname `` Warrior Princess '' by her staff .
The Zeebo is targeted at developing markets such as BRIC -LRB- Brazil , Russia , India and China -RRB- and Mexico . Zeebo Inc. says that the Zeebo brings `` the fun and excitement of interactive entertainment and education to those whoâ '' until nowâ '' have had little or no access to such technology . ''
Kowloon wall City was a densely live , largely unchecked settlement in Kowloon , Hong Kong . Originally a Chinese military fort , the wall City became an enclave after the New Territories were take to Britain in 1898 .
Mi Plan is the fourth studio album by Canadian recording artist Nelly Furtado and the first she has released in Spanish .
The film begins with a prophecy , telling how one of Jonathan 's and Mrs. Brisby 's sons would save spine Valley from the `` secret of NIMH . ''
Louvigny , PyrÃ nÃ es-Atlantiques is a communicate in the PyrÃ nÃ es-Atlantiques department in south-western France .
It keep 21 domestic field divisions with 227 field offices and 86 foreign offices in 62 countries .
In other words , it is the half maximum -LRB- 50 % -RRB- repressive concentration -LRB- 99 -RRB- of a substance -LRB- 50 % 99 , or IC50 -RRB- .
In , his contract was purchased by the New York Giants .
The British Phonographic Industry awards security for music releases in Britain .
An alternative way of producing K nitrate without a by-product of ammonia is to combine ammonium nitrate and K chloride , easily obtained as a sodium-free salt substitute .
In the Avatar State , Aang can also fly inside a area of air .
In 1968 , near the end of this era , the Britannica celebrated its bicentennial .
rs , rt , and rd indicate register operand ; shamt gives a shift amount ; and the address or immediate fields contain an operand directly .
OberschleiÃ heim is best known for the Schleissheim Palace and the Flugwerft Schleissheim next to the airport housing the plane department of the German Museum .
In telecom , a ham code is a linear error-correcting code named after its inventor , Richard ham .
In the Netherlands , he is Jan Klaassen -LRB- and Judy is Katrijn -RRB- ; in Denmark m Jackel ; in Russia Petrushka ; in Romania Vasilache ; and in France he has been called Polichinelle since the mid-17th century .
Statistics South Africa provided five racial categories by which people could class themselves , the last of which , `` unspecified\/other '' drew negligible responses , and these results were miss .
Released on 24 May 2004 , it was axis Party 's first V2 Records EP .
The main event was for the WWE Championship between champion John Cena and Triple H. Triple H came out to the ring on a throne dressed as a Conan the Barbarian-type king , while Cena came out with a tommy gun and was accompanied by a group of `` gangster '' -LRB- one of whom was future WWE star CM Punk -RRB- in a 1940s Chicago-era vehicle .
Tim Allen -LRB- born Timothy Allen Dick ; June 13 , 1953 -RRB- is an American comic , actor , voice-over artist , and entertainer , known for his role in the sitcom Home Improvement .
Let a piece of glass and a piece of resin , neither of which show any electrical properties , be scratch together and left with the scratch surfaces in contact .
Wells also added Carol Flint , Alexa Junge , Peter Noah and John Sacret Young as consulting producers .
GÃ rlitz is a town in Germany . It is the easternmost town in the country , located on the Lusatian Neisse River in the Bundesland -LRB- Federal State -RRB- of Saxony .
There are articles touch to the forced repatriation of refugees and provisions that they should not be harm ; this might be thought of as the first extradition treaty .
The tablature will only be refer if the teacher is not sure of how to play a certain part .
She describes the tale as a `` perfect marriage of word and image '' and `` a victory of fantasy and fact '' .
Fausto compound rapidly after it reached hurricane intensity on the September 12 , peak with sustained winds of 105 k and a minimum central pressure of 955 M .
If the above normal argument syntax were used , the '' = '' would be understood as an operator , not a argument .
It is the official media partner of several international exhibition and conferences : Leisure-moscow , hand , International Property Show in Dubai , Islamic Banking in Russia , EXPO-RUSSIA , Russian-Saudi Business Forum , International Summit of the Islamic Business and Finance , Arabia-EXPO .
Bangui is home to the University of Bangui , founded in 1970 .
This process copies a piece of DNA .
The remainder were sold to the British War Department in 1940 and were shipped to France during World War II .
Adam McKay -LRB- born April 17 , 1968 -RRB- is an American screenwriter , director , comic , and actor .
Among Appin 's free settlers was one Andrew Hamilton Hume , father of the explorer Hamilton Hume .
Phillips Academy -LRB- also known as Phillips Andover , Andover , Phillips Academy Andover or PA -RRB- is a co-educational independent room high school for room and day students in grades 9 â `` 12 , along with a post-graduate -LRB- PG -RRB- year . The school is located in Andover , Massachusetts , 25 miles north of Boston .
In that same year a water police super was appointed to Williamstown -LRB- and Williamstown is the present-day home of the Victorian Water Police -RRB- .
commandery , order by a Knight or lady Commander and a Commandery Chapter , may exist within or all or partly without the territory of a Priory , known as Dependent or Independent commandery , respectively .
Frederick II of Prussia was joyful with his success ; Prussia took most of the Polish Royal Prussia that stood between its self-will in the Kingdom of Prussia and the Margraviate of Brandenburg , taking Ermland -LRB- Warmia -RRB- , Royal Prussia without the city of Danzig -LRB- GdaÅ sk -RRB- -LRB- which in 1773 became a new province called West Prussia -RRB- , northern areas of Greater Poland along the NoteÄ River -LRB- the Netze District -RRB- , and parts of Kuyavia , -LRB- also the Prussian city of spine -LRB- ToruÅ -RRB- -RRB- .
Valentin Louis George EugÃ ne Marcel Proust -LRB- ; 10 July 1871 â `` 18 November 1922 -RRB- was a French novelist , critic , and essayist best known for his massive Ã la exquisite du temporary perdu -LRB- In Search of Lost Time ; earlier translated as memorial of Things Past -RRB- . It was published in seven parts between 1913 and 1927 .
The term `` Ulster-Scots '' refers to both these colonists of the 17th century and , less commonly , to the Gallowglass who began to arrive from what is now northwest Scotland centuries earlier .
In June 2004 , 20th Century Fox acquired feature film rights to the book .
Usually , the party which has a seat to fill presents two candidates with mainstream stand to the United Federal Assembly , which then take one .
Kevin Edward Doyle -LRB- born 18 September 1983 -RRB- is an Irish international footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Wolverhampton spider .
Peter McCallum Dowdy SC -LRB- born 6 October 1943 in Melbourne -RRB- was the 24th Premier of Western Australia , serving from 25 February 1988 until his resignation on 12 February 1990 after an internal party dispute .
In the 5th and 6th centuries , an Alamanni settlement existed .
A possibly apocryphal or exaggerated story concerns how the library 's collection grew so large .
The concept of ownership has existed for thousands of years and in all cultures .
introduce in 2002 , and has 145 meters in height and 35 floors , making it one of the largest in the country and most modern high-rise in Latin America .
The city charter dates back to 1692 , but settlement activity in the area dates back to the 14th century .
Francis spent some time in Paris do entirely monochrome works , but his mature pieces are generally large oil paintings with splash or splash areas of bright contrast color .
Masakazu Suzuki is a retired Japanese football player and manager .
A touchdown is a means of scoring in American and Canadian football .
Whilst the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration put names to tropical cyclone which move into or form as a tropical depression in their area of responsibility located between 135 Â E and 115 Â E and between 5 Â N-25 Â N even if the cyclone has had a name assigned to it by the Japan Meteorological Agency .
This is a modified system of episode credit .
A state senator is a member of a state 's Senate , the upper house in the two-chambered legislature of 49 U.S. states , or a legislator in NE 's one house State Legislature .
He succeeded Erich Honecker as leader of the ruling Socialist Unity Party of Germany -LRB- SED -RRB- and head of state in October 1989 , but was expel just under three months later amid the collapse of the communist regime .
advocate of Magic Lantern argue the technology would allow law enforcement to efficiently and quickly decipher messages protected by encryption schemes .
She is said to appear in a mirror when her name is called three times or sometimes more , depending upon the version of the story , often as part of a game .
ChÃ cents teau-Gontier is a communicate in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Moacyr Claudino Pinto da Silva -LRB- born in SÃ # o Paulo , 18 May 1936 -RRB- , nickname Moacir or Moacyr , is a Brazilian former football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player .
Russy is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
In 2008 Inge Sielmann , the widow of Heinz Sielmann , donate a special prize for filmmaker that ist gift with 5,000 euro .
It then drop to a end low the next day .
Tokyo therefore rapidly grew from what had been a small , virtually unknown fishing village in 1457 to a city with an estimated population of 1,000,000 by 1721 , the largest city in the world at the time .
Fortunately many of the cathedral 's most important artifacts , such as the glass of the great east window , the misericords , the Exeter Book , the bishop 's throne and the Bronescombe image , had been removed at the start of the war in expectation of such an attack .
Princess Alice free her titles of Princess of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and Duchess of Saxony , whilst her brother Charles Edward , Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha , who held a commission in the German Army , was clean of his British titles .
Now instructions 4 , 5 , and 6 can be executed in parallel with instructions 1 , 2 , and 3 , so that the program can be executed faster .
The Avatar : The Last Airbender Trading Card Game is a payable card game based on the Nickelodeon animated television series Avatar : The Last Airbender .
Athena was anger , but gave Arachne a chance to save herself . Assuming the form of an old woman , she warned Arachne not to break the gods .
It is the county seat of Kay County .
The other families treated in the Fabales by the APG II classification were placed in separate orders by Cronquist , the Polygalaceae within its own order , the Polygalales , and the Quillajaceae and Surianaceae within the Rosales .
The President of Serbia is the head of state of Serbia .
En route to Heathrow Airport to start her new job as a hostess with Air Australia , her aunt Vanessa 's vehicle -LRB- in which she is riding -RRB- have a flat tire .
In addition , U.S. Route 163 , designated in 1970 , is nowhere near U.S. Route 63 . The short U.S. Route 57 , approved ca .
The Hokkaido poker or Hokkaido poker -LRB- Hynobius retardatus -RRB- is a species of poker in the Hynobiidae family .
A chemical property is any of a material 's properties that becomes plain during a chemical reaction ; that is , any quality that can be established only by changing a substance 's chemical identity .
The current cantonal constitution dates from 1987 .
The circuit is known for its many side and formerly rough surface , which could take its toll on F1 cars because they have a very low ride height and little suspension travel .
It is in Zone 1 of the underground .
Tinamids themselves were shown to be monophyletic .
The most featured part of the body is usually the hip .
Instead , she re-start her affair with the police officer who had see her to Spain in 1797 .
When the city became the capital of the new Mongolian People 's Republic in 1924 , its name was changed to Ulaanbaatar -LRB- Ð # Ð '' Ð Ð Ð 1\/2 Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ñ , classical script : , UlaÉ # an BaÉ # atur , literally `` red hero '' -RRB- , in honor of Mongolia 's national hero Damdin SÃ 1\/4 khbaatar , whose warriors , shoulder-to-shoulder with the Soviet Red Army , free Mongolia from Roman von Ungern-Sternberg 's troops and Chinese occupation .
Lake Iseo or Lago d'Iseo or Sebino is the fourth largest lake in Lombardy , Italy , fed by the Oglio river .
In 1119 it was draw into the Guidi counts self-will .
Healey was educated at Bradford Grammar School . In 1936 he won an exhibition to Balliol College , Oxford , to read great where he was involved in Labor politics , although he was not active in the Oxford Union Society .
Mountainburg is a city in Crawford County , Arkansas , United States .
ThÃ zillieu is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
It premier on September 24 , 2010 .
Tallahassee is the capital of the U.S. state of Florida .
The West indie Federation , also known as the Federation of the West indie , was a short-lived Caribbean federation that existed from January 3 , 1958 , to May 31 , 1962 .
To return back to normal , the Toa sought out the legendary Rahi Keetongu .
FNMTV -LRB- officially Feedback New MTV ; informally Friday Night MTV -RRB- was a music video program on MTV focused on premier new music videos and air viewers ' instant feedback from its website .
DSL has been demonstrated range the web with Dillo , running simple games and playing music on systems with a 486 processor and 16 M of RAM .
The East China Sea is spring on the east by the KyÅ `` shÅ `` and Ryukyu Islands of Japan , on the south by the island of Taiwan , and on the west by mainland China and the Asian continent . It is connected with the South China Sea by the Taiwan sound and with the Sea of Japan by the Korea sound ; it opens in the north to the Yellow Sea .
Capron is a town in Southampton County , Virginia , United States .
Eventually , the system was stop in 1991 .
Eddie Vedder -LRB- born Edward Louis Severson III ; December 23 , 1964 -RRB- is an American musician and singer-songwriter who currently serves as the lead singer and one of three guitarist for the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam .
Troyat 's best-known work is La neige en deuil , which was adapted as an English-language film in 1956 under the title The Mountain .
The Volkswagen Golf Mk5 form was introduced in summer 2007 and produced up to spring 2009 .
Montmerle-sur-Sa Ã ne is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
The mineral was mixed into early antiseptic for wounds and minor cuts .
In North America , it was also the first Metroid episode to be released since Super Metroid in 1994 ; in all other markets , it was released after Metroid Fusion .
According to Noah Casey , Lu 's education do not forbid the consumption of meat and alcohol -LRB- as do some faction in Vajrayana -RRB- ; however , `` The consumption of alcohol is limited to amount not resulting in poisoning , and the eating of meat is restricted to animals not slaughter especially for the person have .
Krefeld , also known as Crefeld until 1929 , is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany . It is located northwest of DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf , its center just a few km to the west of the River Rhine ; the borough of Uerdingen is situated directly on the Rhine .
Some of the names for the various weight of thread from finest to deep are called spike , feel , sport , double-knit -LRB- or DK -RRB- , worst , aran -LRB- or heavy worst -RRB- , bulky , and super-bulky .
The soviet also drink to take steps to rebuild the army , protect the Armenian and to not pursue non-communist Armenian , although the final condition of this pledge was reneged when the Dashnaks were forced out of the country .
It began in Quito , Ecuador , passed through Cusco , and ended in what is now TucumÃ n , Argentina .
Late in this era , use of pottery and tower wind became common .
It was knock for having a loose plot , however , as well as poor picture .
In 1915 the Jervis Bay Territory Acceptance Act 1915 created the Jervis Bay Territory as an wing to the Australian Capital Territory . In 1988 , when the ACT gained self-government , Jervis Bay became a separate territory lot by the Australian Government Minister responsible for Territories , soon the Minister for Home Affairs -LRB- Australia -RRB- .
Grandfontaine is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the quarter of Jura in Switzerland .
As a result of his activity he undergo a year 's imprisonment in 1849 for resistance to the authorities of DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf and was thereafter banned from living in Berlin .
In February 1961 , Plath 's second pregnancy ended in abortion ; a number of her poems address this event .
Bourdelles is a communicate in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Game is any animal run for food or not normally domestic .
It remained weak due to its fast west motion and Saharan Air Layer around the circulation .
Air is blown into the solution , causing the I to disappear , then it is passed into an draw tower containing acid where S dioxide is added to reduce the I .
Also , as in many camps , conditions would be improved temporarily during visits by commission -- such as the press commission that visited in February 1942 and a Red Cross commission in June 1944 -- and return after the commission left .
Studios in College Park , Maryland with producer Matt Squire , the album was released September 27 , 2005 on Decaydance and fire by Ramen Records .
ZONE II , Duke Nukem I -LRB- Duke Nukum -RRB- , Duke Nukem II , and various other utility .
If so , an early resort to dispute resolution may help .
-LRB- The actual division between the sea is the point where the Agulhas current meets the Benguela current , which fluctuate seasonally , between Cape Agulhas and Cape Point . -RRB-
Filippo `` Pippo '' Inzaghi , Cavaliere Ufficiale OMRI -LRB- born 9 August 1973 in Piacenza -RRB- is an Italian World Cup and UEFA Champions League-winning footballer who plays for Serie A club Milan .
The next defense came against Elena Akhmilovskaya in Sofia in 1986 , and Chiburdanidze won the match by 8 Â 1\/2 -5 Â 1\/2 .
The status of the Rockhopper penguin is also ill-defined .
Most of these cultivars are cover for eating fresh -LRB- sweet apple -RRB- , though some are work specifically for cooking -LRB- cooking apple -RRB- or producing cider .
therefore Jobs became Disney 's largest individual shareholder at 7 % and a member of Disney 's Board of Directors .
Although the book of Wisdom is also called the Wisdom of Solomon , it was most likely composed centuries after the death of King Solomon .
Karolina Richter , child of musician C.J. Richter , was educated at Dramatens elevskola in Stockholm between 1806 and 1809 , under the principal Sofia Lovisa GrÃ Ã .
John Boynton Priestley , OM -LRB- 13 September 1894 Â â `` 14 August 1984 -RRB- , known as J.B. Priestley , was an English novelist , playwright and broadcaster .
Elisha raise -LRB- ; born on 18 November 1957 in Jerusalem -RRB- is a former professional football player and is currently manager of Israeli side Maccabi Haifa .
Denis Emile DeJordy -LRB- born November 12 , 1938 in Saint-Hyacinthe , Quebec -RRB- , is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player .
The mammal-like reptiles are traditionally divided into a rude group and an advanced group , known respectively as ` pelycosaurs ' and therapsids .
On September 19 , a west moving tropical wave became a tropical depression in the central tropical Atlantic .
One was that the Way was not a bias principle of the universe , but rather an establishment of men , of the ancient flag who described it in the Confucian classic works .
The London show was on the March 11 , 2008 at St. James Church in Piccadilly .
On November 15 , 2008 , Shinee won the `` Best Male Rookie '' award at the 10th annual MNet 's KM Music Festival , beating fellow starter U-KISS , 2PM , 2AM and Mighty Mouth .
Ni -LRB- II -RRB- oxide is the chemical compound with the formula NiO .
Charleston is the capital and largest city of the U.S. state of West Virginia .
Frozen pot pie are often sold in individual serving size .
By noon on August 15 , rainbands with puffy winds began affecting the Texas coastline .
In 1971 von Beust became member of the conservative Christian Democratic Union -LRB- CDU -RRB- .
Individual animals regularly clean themselves and put their fur , square or other skin report in good order .
Toshinobu Katsuya is a former Japanese football player .
The Tour of Britain was extended to seven days for 2007 , with the extra day being used to run a stage in flip for the first time .
Although several books about Knut had already been published in Germany , this book was the first to be authorized by the Berlin Zoo .
James Wilson -LRB- 1742 -- 1798 -RRB- was one of the found Fathers of the United States and a signatory of the United States Declaration of Independence .
Le Souich is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
In 2007 , The New York Times ran an op-ed piece in which Swarthmore professor Nathaniel Deutsch called for the Bush administration to take immediate action to preserve the community :
Epik High -LRB- Hangul : ì -- í '' 1\/2 í ì -RRB- is a South Korean indie hip hop group from Seoul , South Korea .
He played Jr for the Kitchener Rangers of the Ontario Hockey League -LRB- OHL -RRB- , where he was draft in the second-round , 45th overall , of the 2009 NHL Entry Draft by the Atlanta thrasher .
After a war lasting six months between the party of Ptolemy 13 and the Roman army of Caesar , Ptolemy 13 was swim in the Nile and Caesar restored Cleopatra to her throne , with another younger brother Ptolemy 14 as her new co-ruler .
The word comes from the Latin bombus from the Greek Î Ï Î 1\/4 Î Î Ï -LRB- bombos -RRB- , an imitative term meaning `` expand '' .
Saint-Maurice , or Saint-Maurice-en-Valais , is a municipality and district capital of the district of Saint-Maurice in the quarter of Valais in Switzerland .
Pauling died of prostate cancer on August 19 , 1994 , at 7:20 PM at home in Big Sur , California .
Fontaine-l Ã s-Clercs is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
When reference is made to the unit K -LRB- either a specific temperature or a temperature separation -RRB- , K is always write with a minuscule k unless it is the first word in a sentence .
Kellogg 's Sugar ice bit of Corn , better known simply as ice bit , is a breakfast grain first introduced by the Kellogg Company . It consists of corn bit `` ice '' or surface with sugar .
The success of the Guitar Hero and Rock Band franchise extend the console video game market and its demographic , with the popularity of the music game driving increased sales of cabinet .
Normally , this happens twice a dayâ '' once in the morning and once in the evening , the times during when the most people change .
In 1934 , Schwarzkopf began her musical studies at the Berlin Hochschule fÃ 1\/4 r Musik . However at the suggestion of the baritone Karl Schmitt-Walter , she switched teachers and started working with the coloratura treble Maria IvogÃ 1\/4 n as well as with IvogÃ 1\/4 n 's husband , the pianist Michael Raucheisen .
The company encouraged its customers to race its cars , and entered Formula One through its sister company Team Lotus in 1958 .
As of the 2000 census , the population of the city is 24,276 .
More recently , pieing has also become a political act .
Park Chu-Young -LRB- Hangul : ë ì # 1\/4 ì , Hanja : æ ä '' æ , born 10 July 1985 , Daegu -RRB- is a South Korean footballer who plays for AS Monaco and is the current captain for the South Korea national team .
It would be easier to control comma by : comma = off , comma = in , comma = out , comma = on .
Giraffatitan was one of the largest animals known to have walked the earth .
Cayce 's work grew in volume as his fame grew .
Also during trips students usually do not wear uniform .
The most common vessel are black and uniform , with a bright appearance approaching that of seal , dress with simple theme of flowers or festoon .
On modern machines , the processor runs many times faster than the memory , so during the time an in-order processor pass waiting for data to arrive , it could have work a large number of instructions .
The potential damage is primarily a function of the total amount of fuel burned in the event -LRB- total energy available -RRB- , the maximum flame speed that is achieved , and the manner in which the expansion of the burning gas is contained .
Shogi , also known as Japanese cheat , is a two-player board game in the same family as Western cheat , chaturanga , and Chinese Xiangqi , and is the most popular of a family of cheat form native to Japan .
It had produced four singles : `` dumbass '' , `` You 're Gonna Go Far , Kid '' , `` Kristy , Are You Doing Okay ? ''
To grow best , sunflower need full sun .
Yoshinori Shigematsu -LRB- born April 1930 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
In the era between con settlement and the rise of the modern tourist industry the area was mostly engaged in the timber industry and fishing .
channel metal is a subgenre of heavy metal .
Flag of New Mexico .
Each county borough was technically an administrative county of a single district , whilst a number of counties were divided into more than one administrative county ; they were Cambridgeshire , Hampshire , Lincolnshire , Northamptonshire , Suffolk , Sussex and Yorkshire .
Pirna is located southeast of Dresden .
AgnÃ s gave birth to three daughters get by the King : Marie de France , Charlotte de France , and Jeanne de France .
Pavlova is most recognized for the creation of the rÃ le The Dying range and , with her own company , would become the first ballerina to tour ballet around the world .
Goldthorpe grew up in Thunder Bay , Ontario , is widely regarded as one of the most notorious hockey enforcer to have ever played the game , a man once knight the `` crazy , mean , most irregular player in hockey '' , earning an amazing 1,132 penalty minutes in 194 professional games .
The Plan of Management is the main policy document for the Park and reach to balance strategic or long-term goals and tactical or day to day goals .
Most recently , bright spots for the side have been a continuous string of appearances in international play in the UEFA Cup and the UEFA Champions League beginning in the 1999 season , and the signing of players such as Sebastian Deisler and Brazilian international Marcelinho , named the Bundesliga 's player of the year in May 2005 .
Clarksville -LRB- also known as Clarksville join -RRB- is a small town located three km southwest of Milton in the Otago region of the South Island of New Zealand .
After Walt Disney 's death , Roy Disney returned from retirement to take full control of Walt Disney production and Wednesday Enterprises .
`` Love in This Club Part II '' is a song recorded by American R&B singer show , and features fellow R&B singer BeyoncÃ Knowles and rapper Lil Wayne . `` Love in This Club Part II '' was released by LaFace Records on April 28 , 2008 , as the second single from show 's fifth studio album , Here I Stand .
More paper and more agreement drove the need for more complex desk and more specialized desk , such as the rolltop desk which was a mass produced , slat form of the classical cylinder desk .
In exchange , Aphrodite made Helen , the most beautiful of all women and wife of Menelaus , fall in love with Paris , who took her to Troy .
MÃ nerbes is a communicate in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeast France , a wall village on a brow in the Luberon mountains , footbills of the French Alps .
Euporie is about 2 km in diameter , and area Jupiter at an average distance of 19,088 Mm in 538.780 days , at an list of 145 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 145 Â to Jupiter 's equator -RRB- , in a retreat direction and with an eccentricity of 0.0960 .
Antonello Cuccureddu -LRB- born 4 October 1949 -RRB- is an Italian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- coach and former player .
She was said to be the most beautiful and intelligent woman in Japan .
The population density was 142 people per square mile -LRB- 55\/km Â -RRB- .
Their said bioluminescent `` fireworks '' are combined with the twist of burn arms , wandering movements and escape flight , making it difficult for a predator to home in .
Sons-et-Ronch Ã re is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
In 1860 Arezzo became part of the Kingdom of Italy .
The main guess of Iwasawa theory was word as an statement that two methods of set p-adic L-functions -LRB- by faculty theory , by insertion -RRB- should co-occur , as far as that was well-defined .
Jacobitism was a response to the swear of James II and 7 in 1688 when he was replaced by his daughter Mary II collectively with her husband and first cousin William of Orange .
Some may exhibit mixotrophy .
On 25 May 1895 Wilde and Alfred Taylor were convicted of gross impropriety and sentenced to two years ' hard labor .
The Movie -LRB- and Lilo & Stitch : The Series -RRB- .
Doddinghurst is a village and civil parish in south Essex .
The complex was built in two distinct form , one part in 1936 and the other in 1943 .
Saint-Vivien-de-Blaye is a communicate in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Norman is a city in Cleveland County , Oklahoma , United States , and is located 20 m south of downtown Oklahoma City .
S Springs is a city in Hopkins County , Texas , in the United States .
When a more nor'-east track became apparent , a tropical storm watch was issued about 33 hours prior to moving ashore from Woods Hole to Plymouth , Massachusetts , including Cape ride , Nantucket , and Martha 's Vineyard .
In addition , they are granted great powers over the enemy and their names are written in heaven .
In 2004 it was redecorated , with the walls painted yellow and the overall dÃ cor relieve .
This environment was created in the mid 18th century by the business of Jan Klemens Branicki for the arts and sciences .
Later on , he falls in love with a new member of the Ptolemy , Anew Returner .
The color 's name is derived from the typical color of the drink champagne .
When a tropical cyclone makes landfall , the eye last in upon itself due to the break process , which causes surf to decrease .
Albania , Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia are officially recognized as potential candidates .
Mainstream scholarship places them in the general region of the Pontic-Caspian steppe in Eastern Europe and Central Asia , Some scholars would extend the time depth of PIE or Pre-PIE to the Neolithic or even the last frozen maximum , and suggest alternative location guess .
He defined the key characteristics of it , and along with CalderÃ n de la Barca and Tirso de Molina , he took Spanish baroque theater to its greater limits .
Dubai -LRB- Dubayy duË Ë baÉ -RRB- is one of the seven emirates of the United Arab Emirates -LRB- UAE -RRB- . It is located south of the Iranian Gulf on the Arab Peninsula and has the largest population with the second-largest land territory by area of all the emirates , after Abu Dhabi .
In 1914 , the couple opened a dancing school in New York called `` Castle House '' , a club called `` palace By the Sea '' on the Boardwalk in Long Beach , New York , and a restaurant , `` Sans Souci . ''
burning is the stopping of life -LRB- determined by a stopped heart -RRB- by any type of electric shock . In the common , the term burning is used to mean :
Police Strike Force Solano had begun private investigations into the matter in 1998 , but dismissed it in 2001 as lacking evidence .
This rules out primality for numbers such as M4 = 24 â ' 1 = 15 : since the power 4 = 2 Ã -- 2 is complex , the theorem call that 15 is also complex ; indeed , 15 = 3 Ã -- 5 .
28 nations compete in Stockholm , and for the first time they included the first Asian country , Japan , and the First Arab and African country , Egypt .
The Battle of center is widely regarded as the most important naval battle of the Pacific Campaign of World War II .
In some cases , one type of character may look better in a certain case and therefore be preferred over another .
This was the first time Europe had achieved three serial victory .
The Golf division of Bridgestone currently produces both clubs , balls and add-on .
In 2002 , on the first anniversary of Harrison 's death , the Concert for George was held at the Royal Albert Hall ; it was organised by Eric Clapton and included performances by many of Harrison 's musical friends , including Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr .
Johnny Saxton -LRB- July 4 , 1930 - October 4 , 2008 -RRB- was an American professional boxer in the welterweight -LRB- 147lb -RRB- division .
The entire hospital staff was fired the morning the piece appeared .
Ù Ø Ù -RRB- was a notable Egyptian journalist and crusader in the 1920s .
There are three grades of priesthood in Mandaeism : the tarmidia `` disciples '' -LRB- Neo-Mandaic tarmidÄ nÄ -RRB- , the ganzibria `` treasurer '' -LRB- from Old Iranian ganza-bara `` id . ''
Trade unions have sometimes been seen as replacement to the order of medieval Europe , though the relationship between the two is challenge .
The word `` BahÃ ' Ã '' is used either as an procedural to refer to the BahÃ ' Ã Faith or as a term for a follower of BahÃ ` u 'll Ã h. The word is not a noun meaning the religion as a whole .
It also appeared on iTunes ' top ten list of best-selling television episodes during that same week .
The Advertiser sent it off with the eleven other entry to Melbourne , where judging had been arranged by George Musgrove .
A remix of that theme was also used in the Australian version of Family Feud .
After a minor part in the film Dragonslayer , McDiarmid was cast by George Lucas in Return of the Jedi as Emperor Palpatine , the principal villain .
After meeting with a long time favorite of theirs , Cloud9 , they decided to move in a different direction .
The coffin of U Thant was then snap by a group of students just before it was scheduled to leave for burial in an ordinary Yangon cemetery .
Williams initially paid Martin out of his own pocket .
Beaulieu-sur-Oudon is a communicate in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
gig corporate is a military rank , used by many armed forces worldwide , and also by some police forces and other uniform organizations .
Some forms of copper -LRB- II -RRB- hydroxide are sold as `` steady '' copper hydroxide , quite likely a mixture of copper -LRB- II -RRB- carbonate and hydroxide .
= `` great '' , Ð Ò Ñ Ñ Ñ = `` camp '' -RRB- , Da KhÃ 1\/4 ree -LRB- from dÃ = `` great '' -RRB- or simply KhÃ 1\/4 ree\/H Ã 1\/4 ree .
Books of collections of articles are :
The Beatles began recording `` Golden sleep '' \/ `` Carry That Weight '' as one piece on 2 July 1969 .
It is produced in the reaction of Co -LRB- III -RRB- fluoride with water .
Hiroshi Soejima -LRB- born July 26 , 1959 in Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
which displays as -LRB- Archive 1 -RRB- .
US expansion was complicated by the division between `` free '' and `` slave '' states , which led to the Missouri Compromise 1820 .
An ichthyosaur found in the Himalayan mountains called Himalayasaurus , may be the same animal as Shonisaurus .
The soil is thin , and spray frequently goes right over the island , ensuring high soil salt .
The Invincibles ' leader James Carey , Michael Kavanagh and Joe Hanlon agreed to show against the others .
Quatermain and Burnham were both small and stringy Victorian explorer in colonial Africa , both sought and discovered ancient value and culture , both battle large wild animals and native peoples , both were famous for their ability to track , even at night , and both men had strikingly similar nickname : Quatermain , `` Watcher-by-Night '' ; Burnham , `` He-who-sees-in-the-dark '' .
James Burrill Angell , who served as the university 's president from 1871 to 1909 , sharply expanded U-M 's curriculum to include professional studies in dentistry , architecture , engineering , government , and medicine .
The therapist struggles to solve their problems but eventually gives up and return their payment .
CupuaÃ u -LRB- Theobroma grandiflorum -RRB- , also write Cupuassu and Copoasu , is a tropical rainforest tree related to cacao .
After the labor the state of the solid is changed : the grain size , the grain size disposal and the grain shape .
It is the branch of engineering that involves the production and usage of heat and mechanical power for the design , production , and operation of machines and tools .
The city of Chania lies at the west end of Crete .
For the avoidance of doubt , You may only use the credit required by this Section for the purpose of attribution in the manner set out above and , by do Your rights under this License , You may not implicitly or explicitly maintain or mean any connection with , sponsorship or second by the Original Author , Licensor and\/or Attribution Parties , as appropriate , of You or Your use of the Work , without the separate , express prior written permission of the Original Author , Licensor and\/or Attribution Parties .
7th Heaven is an American family drama television series , created and produced by Brenda Hampton .
Usually , the storm makes landfall in the Mexican states of Baja California or Sonora and the remaining wet affects the state .
Instead of being a straight port from Super Mario Bros. with graphic changes , All Night Japan Super Mario Bros. combined variations of levels from Super Mario Bros. : The Lost Levels and Super Mario Bros.
Ã quihen-Plage is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The Short Parliament was a Parliament of England that sat from 13 April to 5 May 1640 during the reign of King Charles I of England , so called because it lasted only three weeks .
Manuel ` Manolo ' SanchÃ s Hontiyuelo -LRB- born 23 May 1965 in Madrid -RRB- is a former Spanish footballer , who played as a sweeper .
The explorer Dr. Alexander Collie recorded the river as ` Kal-gan-up ' in April 1831 .
It is given by the senate , if the parliament confirmed the motion of the senate .
In August 2001 , Friend was bought out by Pepsico because Pepsi wanted to add Gatorade to its arsenal of drink and thus break into the isotonic sports drink market .
Between the tours , he undergo surgery on his right ankle .
The island 's views of the hold Bridge and harbor make it a popular spot for watching the New Year 's Eve fireworks , pull over two thousand camper for its second New Year 's Eve event in 2009 .
Viridiplantae -LRB- literally `` green plants '' -RRB- are a clade be the green algae and land plants .
Towards the end of August 1997 , One Little Indian delayed the album by a month .
Beginning in the 1960s , James E. Lloyd 's investigation of female firefly of the genus Photuris revealed they breathe the same light signals that females of the genus Photinus use as a couple signal .
Bouy-Luxembourg is a communicate in the Aube department in north-central France .
It is located approximately 18 km southwest of Baden-Baden and 19 km northeast of Offenburg .
It has an area of 1,773 kmÂ , and a total population of 372,244 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- .
Everyone who preordered before September 1 has his or her name listed in the film 's credits .
The lead oxide used in lead glass could be obtained from a variety of sources .
The Agori together make up six different tribes , each connected with a region .
Specialized English is a controlled version of the English language used for radio broadcasting , easier for non-native speakers of English .
In 1598 , a sequence dispute between the daughters of Ferdinando Stanley , 5th Earl of Derby and Ferdinando Stanley 's brother , William Stanley was heard .
Frederick Anthony Ravi Kumar Zechariah -LRB- born 1946 -RRB- is an Indian-born , Canadian-American evangelical Christian apologist and evangelist .
GuÃ rule is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
British leaders accused rebels acting within the city , and many residents assumed that one side or the other had started it .
Mutual vendetta may develop into a fell circle of further down , revenge , counterattack , and all-out warfare that can end in the mutual extinction of both families .
In an interview in January 2009 , Grathwohl stated that :
In 1787 , Pichilemu held 1,688 inhabitants , and the population rose to 7,787 inhabitants by 1907 .
Islamic law does not present a comprehensive list of pure foods and drinks .
In this case the user 's activity might be overestimate .
Heidfeld was then tip for a seat at Sauber alongside Kamui Kobayashi but they decided to go with Pedro de la Rosa .
In addition to his solo career , he was a found member of three bands : The Byrd , Crosby , still & Nash -LRB- who are sometimes augmented by Neil Young -RRB- , and CPR .
Originally released by Paramount Pictures , the film stars James Stewart as a photographer who spot on his neighbors while recover from a broken leg ; Grace Kelly as his girlfriend ; Thelma Ritter as his nurse ; Wendell Corey as a police detective ; and Raymond Burr as one of the neighbors .
It was the closing of research in the 1930s and early 1940s at the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research to purge and qualify the `` transform principle '' responsible for the transformation phenomenon first described in Griffith 's experiment of 1928 : killed strep pneumoniae of the acid strain type III-S , when shoot along with living but non-virulent type II-R pneumococcus , resulted in a deadly infection of type III-S pneumococcus .
Stations or lines shown in italics are under construction .
Daisuke Hoshi -LRB- born 10 December 1980 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Sand and soil also harbor E. coli bacteria and some try of E. coli have become established .
The system continued to develop , and it is estimated that Tropical Depression Ten formed at 1200 UTC on August 13 .
The leaders of the dynasty were also Shia Ismaili imam , hence , they had a religious significance to Ismaili Muslims .
engine built by the Vulcan Foundry of Newton-le-Willows , late part of the English Electric group .
__ notoc __ Given a country and a political party , this guide will give an abbreviation that links to the entry on that party .
Masahiro Ando is a retired Japanese footballer player .
Furthermore , they are of economic importance to Australia 's nursery and cut flower industries .
The Orthodox Church fear her as a `` great martyr '' , and in the Catholic Church she is traditionally august as one of the 14 Holy help .
He and eleven other drivers run over a two mile circuit , during the course of which Geoghegan himself ran over a sheep that had range onto the field .
It appears that females are less likely to she-bop while in an active straight relationship than men .
There are three general kinds : wave press , used to make the hair curly , tidy press , commonly called straightener or flat press , used to tidy the hair , and pinch press , used to create bend of the desired size in the hair .
The artwork had been nickname KerPlunk by the locals after the popular children 's game from the 1970s .
The come Mary is the essential element of the Rosary , a prayer method in use especially among Latin ritual -LRB- Western -RRB- Catholic , and that appears in the East only among Latinised Ukrainian and Maronite Catholic .
Microsoft Encarta was a digital multimedia encyclopedia published by Microsoft Corporation from 1993 to 2009 .
In hair , this results in the hair falling out and being replaced by a new one .
A comparison of the two encyclopedia by Panagiota Alevizou , published in the Educational Technology & Society journal .
The World Meteorological Organization retired four names in the spring of 2005 : Charley , France , Ivan , and Jeanne .
village shot Claudius with the poison sword , and then forces him to drink from his own poison cup to make sure he dies .
Despite the key rarely being used in orchestral music other than to tone , it is not entirely rare in keyboard music , as in the sonata of Scriabin .
It also find when it is not on a \/ sandbox page and then shows nothing , thus it can be left in the code when re-create and paste to the main guide .
In the United States city planning cant , a brownfield site -LRB- or simply a brownfield -RRB- is land previously used for industrial purposes or certain commercial uses .
In order not to leave Lindoro alone with Rosina , the doctor has Figaro plane him .
In the last years of the Soviet Union , as nationalist movements cross throughout the Caucasus , many intellectual in the North Ossetian ASSR called for the revival of the name of Alania , a medieval kingdom of the Alans , root of the modern-day Ossetians . The term of `` Alania '' quickly became popular in Ossetian daily life through the names of various enterprises , a TV channel , political and civic organizations , publishing house , soccer team , etc. .
Final Fantasy X-2 is a console role-playing game developed and published by Square -LRB- now Square Enix -RRB- for Sony 's PlayStation 2 .
Following his graduation , he worked for the BBC 's classical music department , then joined EMI in 1950 , as an assistant to Oscar Preuss , the head of EMI 's Parlophone Records from 1950 to 1955 . Although having been regarded by EMI as a vital German form in the past , it was then seen as a joke and only used for EMI 's peanut acts .
William I , Prince of Orange -LRB- 24 April 1533 â `` 10 July 1584 -RRB- , also widely known as William the Silent , or simply William of Orange , was the main leader of the Dutch rising against the Spanish that set off the 80 Years ' War and resulted in the formal independence of the United Provinces in 1648 .
The Toray Pan Pacific Open -LRB- æ ã ã '' ã ` ã ã '' ã ` ã ã ã # ã ã ã '' ã ã ã -RRB- is a WTA Tour connected professional tennis tournament for women , held every year since 1984 on in Tokyo , Japan .
On May 17th 2007 , the Act of basic sharing with the Moscow patriarchy restore basic ties between the Russian Orthodox Church Abroad and the Russian Church of the Moscow patriarchy , after more than 80 years of separation .
In 2004 he curated an exhibition at the Design Museum consisting of 1,000 `` every day '' design objects that he had collected .
importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/morebits . J ' -RRB- ; importScript -LRB- ` User : Ioeth\/friendlytag .
Statistical process control was pioneer by Walter A. Shewhart in the early 1920s .
At the same time he appointed his daughter In Jin Moon as the president of the union Church of the United States . In 2010 , Forbes reported that Sun Myung Moon and Hak Ja Han were living in South Korea while their children took more responsibility for the day-to-day leadership of the union Church and its connected organizations .
It was a popular F1 event , but racing was put on suspension there right after the controversial 1985 race due to the policy of apartheid .
The station is opposite Beckton District South Park , which is open space leading to housing in South Beckton .
AcrelÃ cents ndia is a municipality located in the easternmost portion of the Brazilian state of Acre .
Bertaucourt-Epourdon is a communicate in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France .
The crane eat small amphibians , aquatic invertebrates , insects , and plants that grow in Marsh and flood .
A Carillon was raise in the tower in the middle of the 20th century , the Bell for which were provided by the centuries-old bell manufacturers of Aarau .
In laboratory conditions , the interactions of individual electron can be observed by means of particle sensor , which allow measurement of specific properties such as energy , spin and charge .
Although Barnum was also an author , publisher , philanthropist , and for some time a politician , he said of himself , `` I am a promoter by profession ... and all the gilt shall make nothing else of me , '' and his personal aims were `` to put money in his own coffers . ''
One name from the Central Pacific list was used - Nele .
Notable individuals who have otherwise lived in the United States are also sub-categorised , however , under : Category : Immigrants to the United States , : Category : exile in the United States or : Category : ambassador to the United States .
During the Issy-les-Moulineaux Congress , Alain Savary was elected First Secretary with the support of his herald Guy Mollet .
All three Na chlorite chemistry can produce Cl dioxide with high chlorite conversion yield , but unlike the other processes the chlorite-HCl method produces completely Cl free Cl dioxide but have from the requirement of 25 % more chlorite to produce an equivalent amount of Cl dioxide .
The second test proposed by United States Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor in the 1984 case of Lynch v. Donnelly asks whether a particular government action amounts to an second of religion , thus break the Establishment article of the First Amendment .
Idomeneo must yield the throne to Troy and Idamante .
For his service , Bowerman received four Bronze Star medal , a Good Conduct Medal , and a Silver Star .
The song `` My Love , '' was written by Selena and samples from contemporary pop influences .
Most thinking in genetics has focused upon vertical transfer , but there is a growing awareness that horizontal gene transfer is a highly significant phenomenon and amongst single-celled being perhaps the dominant form of genetic transfer .
After a series of mistake and outbreak of violence , the Crusaders can the city in 1204 , and established the so-called Latin Empire and a series of other Crusader states throughout the territories of the Greek involved Empire .
line remain of its traditional past , including camel racing and camel breeding .
After divorce his first wife , Bennington married Talinda Ann Bentley , a former man-about-town model , with whom he has had a child , Tyler Lee .
As a result of various measures he took , Yonezawa became fairly well-to-do , and did not suffer much from the shortage which cross Japan in the Tenmei era -LRB- 1781-9 -RRB- .
The outcome of the impact is determined by the composition and density of the target material , the angle of incidence , and the speed and physical characteristics of the bullet itself .
The Berar region of the state was mix with the Central Provinces of British India in 1903 , to form the Central Provinces and Berar .
Immediately after Lennon 's third solo , the piano chord of the final line `` And in the end ... '' begin .
In 1989 , the Great Dark Spot , an anti-cyclonic storm system cross 13000 Ã -- 6600 km , was discovered by NASA 's Voyager 2 spacecraft .
Complexity is controlled and the resulting systems are more manageable than their massive twin .
While Margarita Gasparyan and Daria Gavrilova the fourth seeds lost a match tiebreaker to Eri Hozumi and Miyu Kato whilst Lucia ButkovskÃ and Anna SchmiedlovÃ the eighth seeds won only one game .
The source for this was the 61st round of the National Sample Survey -LRB- north -RRB- and the standard used was monthly per head consumption spending below 356.35 for rural areas and 538.60 for urban areas .
There are no scheduled air services between Jabiru and Darwin however .
In 2000 , the Derwent Valley Mills were nominated to become a World Heritage Site .
The teams were split into two pool , with the top three teams in each pool win to the Super 6 .
Collagen is the main protein of connection tissue in animals and the most abundant protein in mammals , making up about 25 % of the total protein content .
Land South Adventures , a subsidiary of Mulberry , Florida-based Land South Holdings , purchased Cypress Gardens at a bankruptcy auction on October 16 , 2007 , for $ 16.9 million , leaving Buescher as interim manager until Baker Leisure Group of Orlando , Florida , took over park operations in January 2008 .
He played for the youth teams of SC Altbach , of Stuttgarter kicker and , from July 1999 forward , of Stuttgart .
However , in July 2006 funding for the extension was restore , but for a shorter length ; a Sportcity Metrolink station will open in 2012 .
TrÃ beurden is a communicate in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in Brittany in north-western France .
Saint-Laurent-du-Mont is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
The sugar must be work by hand or with a low-speed social .
In 2007 , he star in the MTV series Kaya .
On August 28 , the National Weather Service in Slidell , Louisiana issued a bulletin call `` waste '' damage match the intensity of Hurricane Camille .
The present combined territory of the district and the city of OsnabrÃ 1\/4 ck is almost identical to the Prince-Bishopric of OsnabrÃ 1\/4 ck which existed until 1802 , when it was mediatised and assigned to the Electorate of Hanover .
Taro Goto -LRB- born 24 December 1969 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
An annual performance of a religious play -LRB- entitled : The Promise -RRB- , acted in by members of the town , was held annually from 1995 until 2005 .
Animation Magazine is a monthly publication covering the animation industry , including different reviews about film and television animation , visual effects and video games .
There is an abundance of walking tracks .
Upon the execution of her husband , Marie-Ad Ã laÃ de , now known as `` Veuve Ã galitÃ '' -LRB- Widow Ã galitÃ -RRB- , was jail at the Luxembourg Palace , which had been transformed into a prison during the Revolution .
Over the years , the ground has been redeveloped , with the construction of the near-identical Bobby Cox and Bob Shankly stands , which sit at either end of the ground .
Tonkawa is covered by the Tonkawa Public Schools district which includes Tonkawa Elementary , Tonkawa Middle School , and Tonkawa High School . Tonkawa is also home to Northern Oklahoma College which provides Associates level education .
Waarschoot is a municipality located in the Flemish province of East Flanders , in Belgium .
In the United States the term Swing became the most common word used to describe the dance .
Jean II Makoun -LRB- ; born 29 May 1983 -RRB- is a Cameroonian football player who plays for Aston Villa as a midfielder .
A ceramic is an inorganic , non-metallic solid prepared by the action of heat and subsequent cooling . Ceramic materials may have a transparent or partly transparent structure , or may be amorphous -LRB- e.g. , a glass -RRB- .
Kroppenstedt is a town in the BÃ rde district , in Saxony-Anhalt , Germany .
The oldest complete ms of the Hebrew Bible -LRB- the Masoretic text -RRB- date from the Middle Ages .
Daniel da Silva Carvalho -LRB- born 1 March 1983 in pelota , Rio Grande do Sul -RRB- , more commonly known as Daniel Carvalho is a Brazilian football attacking midfielder well known for his drop and free kicks .
This did not occur , and Mike kept its lasting west motion .
Education Welfare Society -LRB- EW -RRB- a registered NGO , founded in 1995 by Syed Waqar Azeem ; a well known social personality awarded by `` FAKHR-E-JHELUM '' -LRB- Proud of Jhelum -RRB- in 1998 demonstrated polar role in educational development in the city and represented the jhelum on international level and its educational welfare and developments ' needs on major platforms and devoted himself for the welfare of the people .
Thus in art , Anuket often was show as a gazelle , or with a gazelle 's head , sometimes having a headgear of square -LRB- thought by most Egyptologist to be a detail come from Nubia -RRB- .
Then the word `` Lac '' become Lakki therefore , it is called Lakki Marwat .
Finally , Mahesvara is identified with Dattatreya , show the latter as an Avatara of Shiva .
It was indigenous to Jamaica .
For an STM , good resolution is considered to be 0.1 nm lateral resolution and 0.01 nm depth resolution .
pity for all life , human and nonhuman , is central to Hinduism , Buddhism , which was founded by Siddhattha Gotama ; and also Jainism , which was founded by Mahavira 599 â `` 527 BC .
Similarly , George H. Smith -LRB- 1979 -RRB- suggested that : `` The man who is innocent with theism is an atheist because he does not believe in a god .
In 1972 , a prosecution for being a common lecture was brought in the case of State v. Palendrano in which the suspect was charged in relation to a to-do .
While the term `` Postmodern '' and its differential are freely used , with some uses apparently oppose others , those outside the academic surroundings have described it as merely a cant that means nothing .
When she was 19 , she signed with Donald Trump 's model agency , T Management .
Jack Brabham 's 1966 drivers ' championship remains the only such achievement using a car bearing the driver 's own name .
William Godwin and the Marquis de Condorcet , for example , believed in the possibility of almost unlimited improvement of society .
Woodrick Tracy `` Woody '' Harrelson -LRB- born July 23 , 1961 -RRB- is an American actor and comic .
He went on to the University of California , Berkeley , where his work with E. B. Babcock on the genetic evolution of plant species , and his association with a group of evolutionary biologist known as the Bay Area Biosystematists , led him to develop a comprehensive synthesis of plant evolution contain genetics .
Toussieux is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
It grew from the online Entrez PubMed biomedical literature search system .
The house\/place of his birth is located in the north-west of the Central lowland in the valley of the Highland Boundary Fault , one of the great features of Scottish geology .
Typical galaxy range from shadow with as few as ten million -LRB- 107 -RRB- stars up to giants with one million -LRB- 1012 -RRB- stars , all orbit the galaxy 's center of mass. .
Models reveal that when an impactor this size struck the proto-Earth at a low angle and relatively low speed -LRB- 8 â `` 20 km\/sec -RRB- , much material from the cape and crust of the proto-Earth and the impactor was release into space , where much of it stayed in orbit around the Earth .
Their relationship became bitter , and Alekhine demanded much higher appearance fees for tournament in which Capablanca also played .
The Reichsmark was subdivided into 100 Reichspfennig .
Elements of V are called vector . Elements of F are called scalar .
The brown .50 quality machine gun has been used extensively as a vehicle weapon and for aircraft arming by the United States from the 1920s to the present day .
Clostridium difficile -LRB- from the Greek kloster -LRB- Î Î '' Ï Ï Ï Î Ï -RRB- , spike , and Latin difficile , difficult -RRB- , also known as `` CDF\/cdf '' , or `` C. diff '' , is a species of Gram-positive bacteria of the genus Clostridium that causes severe diarrhea and other intestinal disease when competing bacteria in the gut plant are wipe out by antibiotics .
He was the first Philippine Muslim to graduate from Harvard Law School .
scared that he might not come back alive , Norma Jeane pray him to try and get her pregnant before he left .
Aang 's character was developed from a drawing by Bryan Konietzko .
He finished primary school two years early , but struggled at high school , achieving only average marks .
He attended the Jacinto Lara Conservatory , where he was taught the violin by JosÃ Luis JimÃ nez . He then went on to work with JosÃ Francisco del Castillo at the Latin-American Violin Academy .
While every culture in which pieces of wood are joined together to make furniture or structures has a joinery tradition , wood joinery techniques have been especially well documented and celebrated in the Chinese , European , and Japanese traditions .
Hudson has grown in recent years as a suburb of Waterloo and Cedar Falls .
sugar is often added to soup or sweat . sugar soup is popular in Central and eastern Europe , and sugar is an factor in some kinds of borscht .
The family has approximately 225 species in 7 genus , although some classification systems include all of subfamily Magnoioideae in genus Magnolia .
In addition to being the capital of Lower Saxony , Hanover was the capital of the administrative area Regierungsbezirk Hanover -LRB- Hanover region -RRB- until Lower Saxony 's administrative regions were dissolve at the beginning of 2005 .
It is the biggest town of the SpiÅ region and the tenth largest city in Slovakia with a population of approximately 55,000 .
è in Chinese -RRB- are used in stir-fried dishes , particularly those in American Chinese cuisine .
A teapot is a vessel used for steep tea leaves or a herbal mix in near-boiling water .
In a sense , Wikipedia is a grand social experiment that get the question : `` What if everyone had to co-exist , without shooting each other or putting people in jail ? ''
She worked wing in all sorts of activities , until one day the opportunity grow to replace a sick actress in a play .
short-change also got involved during the match by hitting JBL with a kendo stick , while later on JBL threw a trash can at him .
Leonardo was a contemporary of Botticelli , Domenico Ghirlandaio and Perugino , who were all slightly older than he was .
Like his herald , Galba had a fear of conspirators and executed many senators and equites without trial .
George Lionel Throssell , CMG -LRB- 23 May 1840 -- 30 August 1910 -RRB- was the second Premier of Western Australia . He served for just three months , from 15 February 1901 until 27 May 1901 during a period of great instability in Western Australian politics .
Thus it is that many Orthodox Churches adopt a national title -LRB- e.g. Albanian Orthodox , Bulgarian Orthodox , Georgian Orthodox , Greek Orthodox , Russian Orthodox , Macedonian Orthodox , Romanian Orthodox , Serbian Orthodox , Ukrainian Orthodox etc. -RRB- and this title serves to name which language , which bishop , and which of the typica is followed by that particular faithful . In the Middle East , Orthodox Christians have also been often referred as Roman -LRB- or funny -RRB- Orthodox , because of their historical connection with the Eastern Roman -LRB- involved -RRB- Empire .
The former district courthouse -LRB- Amtsgericht -RRB- , the city hall , and the Heimat Museum are together on the main street of Friedrichstrasse .
The Rotfront , or `` Red Front , '' was the RotfrontkÃ mpferbund , the paramilitary organization of the Communist Party of Germany -LRB- KPD -RRB- .
It has been a full medal event at the Olympic Games since 1896 for men and 2000 for women .
The 1989 Perry Mason TV-movie Musical Murder roll around a faux-musical based on Adler .
Manrique was a great-nephew of IÃ igo LÃ pez de Mendoza -LRB- marquis of Santillana -RRB- , a descendant of Pero LÃ pez de Ayala , chancellor of Castile , and a nephew of GÃ mez Manrique , Bataan of Toledo , all important poet of the late 14th and 15th centuries .
In 1942 , Robinson was draft and assigned to a segregated Army horse unit in Fort Riley , Kansas .
Construction of the 585 MW wind farm has go in five stages , and some get capacity is still being built .
Wismar is a small port and Hanseatic League town in northern Germany on the Baltic Sea , in the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern , about 45 km due east of LÃ 1\/4 beck , and 30 km due north of Schwerin .
She also sound million in the Family Guy Video Game ! .
Aragorn leads the hobbit toward the safety of Rivendell , while Frodo gradually yield to the wound .
The top of Cape ride is from , at the top of Pine Hill , in the Bourne portion of the Massachusetts Military reserve to sea level . The body of water located between Cape ride and the mainland , march to the north by Massachusetts Bay , is Cape ride Bay ; west of Cape ride is buzzard Bay .
Haller argues that the men of the Dark Ages did not suffer more than those of the Classical Antiquity , and vice-versa .
The Franco-Prussian War or Franco-German War , often referred to in France as the 1870 War -LRB- 19 July 1870 â `` 10 May 1871 -RRB- was a conflict between the Second French Empire and the Kingdom of Prussia .
The main action of the battle took place after two days of smaller fight .
In most cases , the pilot is forced to fly according to the orders of the hijackers .
It is located about three miles east of Yarmouth , in the northwest of the island .
Jumigny is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Ù Ø Ø `` Ø Ù Ù Mahmud - Ä sÄ nÄ `` -RRB- -LRB- 20 July 1785 -- 1 July 1839 -RRB- was the 30th Sultan of the Ottoman Empire from 1808 until his death in 1839 .
The tradition continued with many dress factory established in the 20th century , such as Fasty in the district of Bacieczki .
Due to tone vertical wind shear , Alberto then quickly cut into a tropical storm , double back to the west , and fast near the Florida Keys on June 6 .
The schedule of responsibilities are based on the constitution of Hamburg -LRB- Art .
pike are marked by an M , for example the M25 -LRB- which forms a bypass around London -RRB- .
In Poland , Death , or Å mierÄ , has an appearance similar to the traditional down Reaper , but instead of a black gown , Death has a white gown .
The Jonas Brothers are an American pop boy band .
Urolagnia partisan may participate in urolagnia as part of a domination and submission scene , though not all sexual activity involving water is so .
Seeing Figaro and Marcellina in celebration together , Susanna mistakenly believes that Figaro now choose Marcellina over her .
The area also contains two Buddhist stupa and six monastery that are spread around the resort .
On that same day Stalin left his autograph on the last page of this work by Gorky : '' Ð Ñ Ð Ñ Ñ Ñ Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ð '' Ñ Ð 1\/2 Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ð 1\/4 '' Ð Ð Ñ Ñ Ñ '' Ð `` Ñ ` Ñ Ð -LRB- Ð '' Ñ Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð Ñ Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð Ð Ð Ð Ð Ñ Ñ Ð 1\/4 Ð Ñ Ñ Ñ -RRB- '' -LRB- `` This piece is stronger than Goethe 's Faust -LRB- love kill death -RRB- '' .
Poplar Hills is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
Despite his best efforts at defending himself , the narrator 's `` over sharpness of the feel , '' which help him hear the heart beating in the floorboards , is actually evidence that he is truly mad .
One interesting twist is the Sambia tribe of New Guinea .
Jermain Colin Defoe -LRB- born 7 October 1982 -RRB- is an English footballer who plays as a striker for English Premier League club Tottenham Percy , and the England national football team .
Jennifer Mulhern Granholm -LRB- born February 5 , 1959 -RRB- is a Canadian-born American politician , former Attorney General of Michigan , and was the 47th Governor of the U.S. state of Michigan .
Human give would prevent the end of the world that could happen on each cycle of 52 years .
V12 is a common form for tank and other armor fighting vehicles -LRB- AFVs -RRB- .
burn fuel is a generic term used to describe a fuel source used in model engines -- generally the same or similar fire can be used in model plane , helicopter , cars and boats .
Kent Couch , a 47-year-old gas station owner from Bend , Oregon , reportedly flew 240 m in his lawn chair on Saturday , July 7 , 2007 , landing in a field about 3 Â 1\/2 miles nor'-nor'-west of North Powder , Oregon , about 30 m from the ID border .
Sancy-les-Cheminots is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Please do not change it .
It is the only living member of the genus Neophron .
Discussions with fellow Nobel prize winners Amartya Sen and Kenneth Arrow , and especially the influence of the philosophy of John Rawls , whom he met during the year at the Center , led Phelps to contract some research outside macroeconomics .
Faust tries to save Gretchen from death by attempting to free her from prison .
It is also the digital radio home for Test Match Special , which provides full commentary without the shipping forecast included on the Radio 4 long wave coverage .
Previously , it did n't make much sense to build a pipeline that could run faster than the access latency of off-chip memory .
In an oft-repeated legend , Lincoln is said to have turned to his escort Ward Hill Lamon and note that his speech , like a bad deal , `` wo n't flush . ''
Notrium is played from a top-down perspective , giving an smash view of proceedings .
DP2 , meaning Diesel image number 2 , was a image Type 4 mainline diesel engine built in 1962 by English Electric at their Vulcan Foundry in Newton-le-Willows to demonstrate its war to British railway .
It was a match made in heaven . ''
Vietnam remained a contributing state to its larger neighbor China for much of its history but drive invasion by the Chinese as well as three invasion by the Mongolian between 1255 and 1285 .
The Class 185 is a diesel multiple-unit passenger train of the Desiro type built by S in Germany for the British train operating company First TransPennine Express .
For more general objects , floating and pass , and in gas as well as liquid -LRB- i.e. a fluid -RRB- , Archimedes ' principle may be stated thus in terms of forces :
; Write-after-write -LRB- WAW -RRB- : serial writes to a particular register or memory location must leave that location containing the result of the second write .
The Latin form elenchus -LRB- plural elenchi -RRB- is used in English as the technical philosophical term .
His father , Richard Walmesley Blair , worked in the Opium Department of the Indian Civil Service .
He has played for Japan national team .
Opposition to U mining has played a central role in Pino 's life .
Lehigh is a city in Webster County , Iowa , United States .
According to Havel 's memoir To the Castle and Back , most of those released had less than a year of their sentence to run .
Constructed at BR 's Derby coach and Wagon Works .
get heated debate , Edward Said devoted a chapter of his book Culture and Imperialism -LRB- 1993 -RRB- to Mansfield Park , arguing that the peripheral position of `` Antigua '' and the issue of slavery demonstrated that colonial oppression was an mute assumption of English society during the early 19th century .
From its invention in 1656 by Christiaan Huygens until the 1930s , the pendulum clock was the world 's most precise timer , accounting for its widespread use .
Margot Honecker served for more than 20 years as the GDR Minister for People 's Education .
A basket is a container which is traditionally constructed from strong character , often made of willow . The top is either left open or the basket may be fitted with a hat .
In 1863 , at the time of his Coventry from Baghdad to Istanbul , BahÃ ` u 'll Ã h declared his claim to a divine mission to his family and followers . stress then grew between him and Subh-i-Azal , the appointed leader of the BÃ bÃ s who did not recognize BahÃ ` u 'll Ã h 's claim .
At the 2000 census the population was 5,152 .
See the `` See also '' section below for links .
-LRB- The vast majority of rear wheel drive vehicles use a longitudinal engine form , where the engine 's crankshaft axis is parallel to the long axis of the vehicle . -RRB-
Its main industries were farming and brick-making .
With the British cellist , Martin Lovett , they would form the Amadeus 4 .
Many folder believe no tool should be used when close .
From this point forward , he went on to direct several hits like Zarqa , Shaheed , Farangi , and Yeh Aman .
Coincidentally , Johor is the most southern point of the Asian continental mainland .
This is why Cruithne is sometimes called `` Earth 's second moon '' .
Tyndale was inspired by Lutherâ s work and immediately set out to copy Lutherâ s work but in English .
It is variously transcribe as madrasa , madarasaa , medresa , madrassa , madraza , madarsa , medrese etc.
A gender identity is the way in which an individual place with a gender category , for-example as being either female or male , or in some cases being neither .
In 1985 , the descendant worked with a new singer , Dave Smalley of Dy and jag Nasty .
On June 4 , 1972 , the fox retired his uniform number , 42 , alongside those of Roy Campanella -LRB- 39 -RRB- and Sandy Koufax -LRB- 32 -RRB- .
Direction lantern are also found both inside and outside lift cars , but they should always be visible from outside because their primary purpose is to help people decide whether or not to get on the lift .
Nb -LRB- ; from Greek mythology : Niobe , daughter of Tantalus -RRB- , or columbium , is the chemical element with the symbol Nb and the nuclear number 41 .
When Tropical Storm Zeta formed on December 30 , it came second only to Hurricane Alice -LRB- also December 30 , 1954 , but later in the day -RRB- as the latest ever that the last storm of the season formed .
The Holy Roman Emperor -LRB- , or `` Roman-German Emperor '' -RRB- is a term used by historian to refer a medieval rule who , as German King , had also received the title of `` Emperor of the roman '' from the Pope . After the 16th century , this elected sovereign order the Holy Roman Empire -LRB- later called Holy Roman Empire of the German nation -RRB- , a Central European union of territories of the Medieval and Early Modern period .
This will be the first Eurovision Song Contest held in Germany since reunion , with West Germany having previously hosted the contest in 1957 and 1983 .
Typically time are adjusted forward one hour near the start of spring and are adjusted back in autumn .
Eisenstein proposed a life of arms power Sir Basil Zaharoff and a film version of Arms and the Man by George Bernard Shaw , and more fully developed plans for a film of Sutter 's Gold by Jack London , but on all accounts failed to move the studio 's producers .
A mark can be layered on one of a set of special map guide . If a valid map name is specified this is the method the guide will attempt to use .
In 1898 , Naismith became the first college basketball coach of the University of Kansas basketball team .
In 1541 , HernÃ n CortÃ s came to the island , on route to Honduras , but needed to move on and did not try to appropriate it , due to its excellent defensive position .
The capital is the city of Miyazaki .
704 Interamnia is a very large star-shaped , with an estimated diameter of 350 km .
These fragments clash with Jupiter 's southern hemisphere between July 16 and July 22 , 1994 , at a speed of approximately 60 k. The prominent mark from the impacts were more easily visible than the Great Red Spot and run for many months .
In 1999 , the American Film Institute named lot among the Greatest Male Stars of All Time , ranking at # 12 .
There are divisibility rules which allow one to recognize certain factor of a number from the number 's figure .
Ken beat of Entertainment Weekly wrote : '' ... touched have such blow shoot â `` poison filled jokes written in long , precisely parse sentences unprecedented in Update history â `` with such a bright , sunny let makes her all the more deadly delicious . ''
She push the crypt , hoping `` to make enough money to pay off the $ 1.6 million mortgage '' on her Beverly Hills mansion .
It is a tradition for Blackhawks fans to clap and cheer loud during the singing of the national anthem . This tradition start during a 1985 Campbell Conference playoff game at Chicago Stadium versus the Edmonton tanker .
Layton is located at .
The island also hosted the World 's funny Island Comedy Festival in October 2009 , with 200 comedy acts appearing over a weekend , pull over 8,000 visitors .
Cook and his crew remained for almost 7 weeks and made contact with the local Guugu Yimithirr native , while the naturalist Joseph Banks and Daniel Solander made extensive collections of native plant , while Sydney Parkinson illustrated much of the plant and animal of the region .
As the motor speeds up , the internally generated voltage rises , the result voltage falls , less current passes through the motor and the torque drops .
He played junior hockey for the Winkler bill before going to the University of North Dakota where he helped the school win the NCAA championship in the 1986 â `` 87 season .
The classes `` geo '' , `` longitude '' , and `` parallel '' are used by the Geo microformat .
In 1975 UPI added a Defensive Player of the Year Award for both the NFC and AFC .
The Gao Region is located in eastern Mali .
Lepcha tribes who were early settlers have their own unique culture .
Regular public transit service is provided by Metro Transit and other area bus lines , and nearby secret Lake Casino offers free bird to their establishment .
Its older houses are very Italian in appearance , while its most prominent buildings -LRB- Stockalper Palace , former Jesuit ' college and Ursuline convent -RRB- all date from the 17th century , and are due to the generosity of a single member of the local Stockalper family , the power Kaspar Jodok von Stockalper .
The main manual is the `` Manual of Style '' , with another document describing typical article-format , under '' '' .
In Australia , former fisher raise southern bluefin tuna , Thunnus maccoyii , and another bluefin species .
For example , lift a leather soccer ball to the more general idea of a ball keep only the information on general ball property and behavior , pass the characteristics of that particular ball .
Jassen A. Cullimore -LRB- born December 4 , 1972 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Studies have shown that clear-felling operations , such as the log run in state forest between the Yarra Ranges National Park and Mount Bullfight Conservation Reserve in February 2006 , lead to the deaths of most possum in the area - `` Adult animals have a strong affinity with their home range and are reluctant to move '' .
International Rugby League is dominated by Australia , England and New Zealand .
The collaboration with Irving was important for fireman and through him he became involved in London 's high society , where he met James Abbott McNeill Whistler and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle -LRB- to whom he was distantly related -RRB- .
It was formed from the union on January 1 , 1996 of Bichelsee and Balterswil .
The town is located in the Cabonne Shire Local Government Area , 341 k west of the state capital , Sydney .
Henriette then turned north and headed towards the Baja California peninsula , and became a Category 1 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale .
InterCity -LRB- or , in the earliest days , the hyphen Inter-City -RRB- was introduced by British Rail in 1966 as a brand-name for its long-haul express passenger services -LRB- see British Rail brand names for a full history -RRB- .
Bertrand Arthur William Russell , 3rd Earl Russell , OM , Fed -LRB- 18 May 1872 â `` 2 February 1970 -RRB- , was a British philosopher , logician , mathematician , historian , and social critic .
It can go slow and simply spin for father and run at a more advanced speed for experts or professionals .
A mole across Hilo Bay was begun in the first decade of the 20th century and completed in 1929 .
By mid-September 1918 , over 623 to-do had occurred in 38 cities , 153 towns and 177 villages , with over 2 million participants .
Chad Robert Kroeger -LRB- born Chad Robert Turton on -RRB- is a Canadian songwriter , singer , and guitarist best known as the lead singer and guitarist for the Canadian rock band Nickelback .
Other items include printed materials including board books and flash cards , Signing Time !
Anatoly Yevgenyevich Karpov -LRB- ; born May 23 , 1951 -RRB- is a Soviet and Russian cheat grandmaster and former World Champion .
Uttar Pradesh reported the highest incidence of violent crimes accounting for 12.1 % of total violent crimes in India -LRB- 24,851 out of 2,05,656 -RRB- followed by Bihar with 11.8 % -LRB- 24,271 out of 2,05,6556 -RRB- .
On November 9 , 1882 , Baum married Maud back , a daughter of Matilda Joslyn back , a famous women 's vote and radical feminist activist .
While Subtropical Storm Andrea was a named storm of the 2007 season , NOAA does not officially include subtropical force ' ACE ratings in season come .
He was born in Schleswig-Holstein , then part of Denmark but later part of Germany , and later studied under Carl Friedrich Gauss .
The first session was presided over by the Soviet judge , Nikitchenko .
The North Island -LRB- MÄ ori : Te Ika-a-M Ä ui -RRB- is one of the two main islands of New Zealand , separated from the much less populous South Island by Cook sound .
Casseuil is a communicate in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
The band 's lineup was completed when Will Champion joined to take up percussion duties .
Rolling Fields is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
On 1 January 1978 , however , it was named Obertshausen .
After Mary 's recovery and the death of Anne 's baby soon after it was born , Mary did visit her sister , but chose the opportunity to lecture Anne for her friendship with Sarah .
Bouvelinghem is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Use of nicotine was sometimes considered to be responsible for increasing reports of myocardial infarction in the country .
With the battle over , the 3 reunite with Aang and the cut Phoenix King , cleverly nose fun at his defeat .
In 1923 a new design of introduce double deck tram was introduced by P.J Baker , General Manager of the tram , with a round top that would fit through the arch .
Seeds are eaten , as with all this family .
Scalp hair stays in this active phase of growth for 2 â `` 7 years .
The Eau Claire City Council meets in City Hall , in downtown Eau Claire .
This county has a total area of 5,432 kmÂ .
The former was included on the album Leave .
In 1877 large hill of earth were placed between the match to make sure the guns could not fire upon each other and to help protect the gun crew from enemy fire .
Pitar 's close friends are Carpediem , who say Latin word and quotes the writers of Classical Antiquity , and Lao , who frequently refers to Chinese philosophy .
A. baileyana is used in Europe in the cut flower industry .
The Assistant Secretary is paid at level IV of the Executive Schedule , meaning he or she receives a basic annual salary of $ 143,000 .
The IWA 's most recent publication , entitled ` Engaging Wales ' free youth ' , research the issue of so-called ` NEETS ' - Children Not in Education , Employment of Training .
Other teams , however , had more serious interest in signing a black ballplayer .
Hewesâ s parents were part of the Friend Society of Friends .
These early experiences laid the foundation for life-long strain between the two high-profile cousin .
South Carolina is march to the north by North Carolina ; to the south and west by Georgia , located across the Savannah River ; and to the east by the Atlantic Ocean .
Wood is largely cellulose and lignin , while paper and cotton are nearly pure cellulose .
Visiting in 1787 , the geologist James Hutton found his first example of an unconformity to the north of N Point near Lochranza , which provided evidence for his Plutonist theories of uniformitarianism and about the age of the Earth .
Epstein paid for The Beatles to record a demo in Decca 's studios , which Epstein later carry George Martin to listen to , as Decca was not interested in signing the band .
On 11 November 1869 , Margherita gave birth to Victor Emmanuel , Prince of Naples , afterwards Victor Emmanuel III of Italy .
The headquarters of the Commissioner were at Multan , or , in the hot season , at .
Kinect for Xbox 360 , or simply Kinect -LRB- originally known by the code name Project Natal -RRB- , is a `` controller-free gaming and entertainment experience '' by Microsoft for the Xbox 360 video game platform . Based around a webcam-style add-on peripheral for the Xbox 360 console , it enable users to control and interact with the Xbox 360 without the need to touch a game controller , through a natural user interface using motion and spoken control .
The reason for the rotation is the same as any other cyclone , the Coriolis effect .
Reaction from within the Wikipedia community to the Essjay\/Jordan identity variant was sharp , winding , and mixed .
Sonic then turns into Super Sonic .
Ryuji Akiba is a retired Japanese footballer .
He was official world champion from 1975 to 1985 , played three more matches for the title from 1986 to 1990 , then was FIDE World Champion from 1993 to 1999 .
A1 Grand Prix used a unique qualifying format , which began at 14:00 local time on the Saturday of the race weekend , to determine the grid lineup for Sunday 's races , the dash Race and the Main Race .
Euston Square is a London Underground station at the corner of Euston Road and Gower Street , just north of University College London -LRB- not to be confused with the nearby tube station on the Northern and Victoria lines -RRB- .
He served as the first chairman of the Senate Finance Committee and its herald from December 4 , 1815 , until his resignation from the Senate on April 20 , 1818 ; on this occasion to accept appointment as United States Ambassador to Russia , a position he held from 1818-1821 .
Cagnes-sur-Mer is a communicate of the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeast France .
In orbital mechanics and aerospace engineering , a gravitational sling , gravity assist play , or swing-by is the use of the relative movement and gravity of a planet or other heavenly body to alter the path and speed of a spacecraft , typically in order to save propellant , time , and expense .
As an actress , she star in around 160 movies from 1949 to 1971 , and won numerous awards .
The resolution of pit eyes can be greatly improved by contain a material with a higher refractive index to form a lens , which may greatly reduce the obscure r encounteredâ '' hence increasing the resolution obtainable .
Bollywood movies are not influential in South America , though Bollywood culture and dance is recognized .
Cure for Pain was the second album released by alternative rock band Morphine through Rykodisc in 1993 .
They had eleven children :
The couple were married on February 19 , 1934 in Erie , Pennsylvania .
Amongst the plants noted here are sea spurry , forget-me-nots , red pimpernel , field bugloss , brake and bother .
Initially , Before I Self destroy was planned to be 50 Cent 's 2007 album , for which he confirmed he had already completed twelve songs .
In the United States , the rights and repair of buyers and seller of goods are order by the Article 2 of Uniform Commercial Code -LRB- UCC -RRB- as it has been adopted with variations from state to state .
He has been described as the world 's first third-generation TV writer , as he is the son of Tom Whedon , a successful screenwriter for The Electric Company in the 1970s and The Golden Girls in the 1980s , and the grandson of John Whedon , a writer for The Donna Reed Show in the 1950s .
He attended Mayfield Primary School , Papatoetoe Intermediate School and De La Salle College .
In a review of the Memoir , Simpson described Austen as a serious yet dry critic of English society .
Block wrote her first book , Weetzie Bat , while a student at UC Berkeley ; it was published in 1989 by Harper Collins .
Very simple programs can be created using the menu on the NXT Intelligent Brick .
The Journal and the World were not among the top ten sources of news in regional papers , and the stories simply did not make a stir outside New York City .
He left masterpiece of poetic short stories such as `` The Lemon '' , `` Winter Days '' , and `` Under the Cherry Trees '' .
North America and Australia have been free of FMD for many years .
The most common way is to simply alternate between the two forms , thus :
Meanwhile , Makuta created and sent out six creatures called Rahkshi to find the mask and stop the coming of the Toa of Light .
It is the most populous communicate in the ArdÃ che department , although it is not the capital , which rest in the smaller town of Privas .
Jimmie Johnson has won the last five consecutive dash Cup Series drivers ' championships .
In the magazine 's 2004 list of the 500 greatest songs of all time , `` London Calling '' ranked number 15 , again the highest for any song by a punk band .
Differential cryptography is a general form of cryptography applicable primarily to block nothing , but also to stream nothing and cryptographic hash functions .
According to journalist Bill Harry , McCartney wrote the lyrics while plane , though McCartney told biographer Barry Miles that he wrote them while on a tour bus .
Oakland is the eighth-largest city in the U.S. state of California .
lead-in is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders .
On October 9 , 2009 , the Norwegian Nobel Committee announced that Obama had won the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize `` for his extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples '' .
Jeremy Charles Robert Clarkson -LRB- born 11 April 1960 -RRB- is an English broadcaster , journalist and writer who narrow in drive .
Straight razor with open steel brand , also commonly known as cut-throats , were the most commonly used razor before the 20th century .
In 1978 , Australia forced the family to sell the islands for the sum of A$ 6,250,000 , using the threat of required acquisition .
The Shah Mosque or Masjed-e Shah , recently known as Imam Mosque is a mosque in Isfahan , Iran standing in south side of Naghsh-i Jahan Square .
Because the Sutra of Golden Light promised protection of the state , in Japan she became a protector-deity , at first of the state and then of people .
During the night , both army consolidated their lines .
They are catalogue in reference works such as the encyclopedia of cheat give .
The referendum was carried .
Jefferson 's reputation was damaged by the Embargo Act of 1807 , which was unable .
Dromore West is situated on the Dunneil River and sits between the Ox Mountains and the Atlantic coast .
The National Library of Australia , while formally established by the passage of the National Library Act , 1960 , had been functioning as a National Library rather than strictly a Parliamentary Library , almost since its origin .
Anhalt-Bitterfeld is a district in Saxony-Anhalt , Germany .
This county has a total area of 7,063 kmÂ .
Morris Thompson , an Alaskan politician , was born and raised in Tanana . After he died in the crash of Alaska Airlines Flight 261 , his body was buried in Tanana .
There he won his second Michelin star in December 2003 . In November 2005 he was awarded with the Five Star Diamond Award by the American Academy of Hospitality Sciences .
Dante mentioned in his Divina Commedia the free town of Pistoia as the home town of Vanni Fucci , who is encountered in hell involved up in a mile of snake while damn God , and Michelangelo called the Pistoiesi the `` enemies of heaven '' .
2005 - Mosaic of intersection and Noise in structural evolution : What 's in a Viverrid-Like Carnivoran ?
Pavel Å ehÃ k -LRB- born 7 October 1963 -RRB- is a former Czech football player .
According to U.S. Census Bureau estimates , the five fastest-growing cities of any size between 2000 and 2008 were Saratoga Springs -LRB- 1,501 % -RRB- , Herriman -LRB- 1,061 % -RRB- , Eagle Mountain -LRB- 934 % -RRB- , Cedar Hills -LRB- 209 % -RRB- , and Lehi -LRB- 146 % -RRB- .
The PS first won power in 1981 , when its candidate FranÃ ois Mitterrand was elected President of the Fifth Republic in the 1981 presidential election .
Caesar made an amazing 27-day route-march to Spain , where he defeated Portsmouth 's deputy .
Near the entrance to the zoo , next to the Exploration and Discovery Center for Education , is the coral reef exhibit , with alien fish , crustaceans , eel , and coral .
Xena has enjoyed a particular cult status in the lesbian community .
Gadzhi Gadzhiev -LRB- born 28 October 1945 -RRB- is a Russian football manager , currently coaching Anzhi Makhachkala .
In 2009 , Hansard said that he and Irglova were no longer romantically linked , and that they are now `` good friends '' .
Her acting has also drawn criticism , however , as she was nominated for a 2007 Razzie Award for Worst Actress for her performances in Awake , Good Luck Chuck , and Fantastic Four : Rise of the Silver Surfer .
They have also won the Best British Album and Best British Group award at the BRIT Awards in 1997 and 1999 , and were proclaim by the NME for their lifetime achievements in 2008 .
He frequently uses it to premiere new works -LRB- often played by the local school orchestra -RRB- .
In the former case , have or bush are provided at the ride points where the axle is supported .
That same year he traveled through France , the Netherlands and Germany .
Naoki Hatta is a Japanese footballer who plays for JÃ bilo Iwata .
Although this fire no widespread rape in Europe as the fall of Jerusalem in 1187 had done , Louis 9 of France organized a cause against Egypt from 1248 to 1254 , leaving from the newly constructed port of Aigues-Mortes in southern France .
BÄ ileÅ si is a city in the Dolj County , Oltenia , Romania , with a population of 22,231 .
Most IRC clients require control to be lead by a cut -LRB- '' \/ '' -RRB- .
The first church was established on the site in 705 .
Schill however later support Beust 's version of the story , except for the charge of pressure , saying that he warned Beust to stay clear of nepotism , and that this had nothing to do with Beust 's sexual orientation .
Paul Pena -LRB- January 26 , 1950 â `` October 1 , 2005 -RRB- was an American singer , songwriter and guitarist of Cape Verdean line .
Suguru Hashimoto is a Japanese football player , who currently plays attacking midfielder for F.C. Gifu in the J. League .
The original series contained 156 episodes .
Wetumpka is a city in Elmore County , Alabama , United States .
Just ten days later , on July 29 , the `` Book 3 : Fire â `` Volume 4 '' DVD was released , which contained the four episodes as well as episodes 56 and 57 , audio commentary from the series ' co-creators , cast , and crew , and a comic book .
On April 24 , 2006 , Linspire announced its own project named `` Freespire '' .
Hooke became Curator of Experiments in 1662 to the newly founded Royal Society , and took responsibility for experiments performed at its weekly meetings .
The town became a amateur area for the expanding city of Berlin .
The album peak at number 10 on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart , selling 48,397 copies in its first week of release ; it was eventually certified gold by the RIAA in 2008 .
The stand is made up of two level , only the upper tier is covered but at the expense of several supporting tower for the roof structure , the seats are the original from the early 1900s , from here you get a decent view with moderate legroom .
For this reason , a read miss in a write-back cache -LRB- which requires a block to be replaced by another -RRB- will often require two memory access to service : one to think the needed datum , and one to write replaced data from the cache to the store .
Indeed , `` Salic law '' has often been used simply as a synonym for paternal sequence . But the importance of Salic law go beyond the rules of heritage , as it is a direct root of the systems of law in many parts of Europe today .
The exact number is unknown to outsiders and is estimated to be from 1,000 to 2,000 , mostly in the resort town of Atami .
During the season finale , a guru attempts to teach Aang how to open up his seven chakras in order to control the Avatar State .
Advance Wars , known in Japan as Game Boy Wars Advance is a turn-based tactics video game developed for the Game Boy Advance by Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo in 2001 .
Using NASA 's satellite images and records of population , Liu 's research team concluded that due to tourism and the increase in local population , the reserve is facing an unprecedented threat .
Her first book , Under the Window -LRB- 1879 -RRB- , a collection of simple , perfectly idyllic poetry about children , was a best-seller .
Its cause could be the result of lighting , infection , stop , or injury of the male reproductive pathway or a problem within the urethra , ball , epididymis or prostate .
Saint-Germain is a communicate in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
The Concentric ring model also known as the Burgess model is one of the earliest theoretical models to explain urban social structures .
Christians believe that Jesus is the Jesus of the world and the son of God ; Jews do not .
They established themselves here and called that port Menestheus 's port .
Termites are eusocial but differ greatly in the genetics of breeding .
The outside has a first-class Early English faÃ ade and a large central tower .
Thomas John Cook -LRB- May 7 , 1907 â `` October 2 , 1961 -RRB- was a professional Canadian ice hockey forward who played 348 games in the National Hockey League .
The disk pilot is controlled by the microcontroller in the hard disk drive , and the page cache is controlled by the computer to which that disk is attached . The disk pilot is usually quite small , from 2 to 32 M , and the page cache is generally all fresh physical memory .
The Falkland Islands lie of two large and many small islands in the South Atlantic Ocean east of Argentina ; their name and reign over them is challenge .
It is often used in combination with a BÃ 1\/4 chner flask , BÃ 1\/4 chner ring and sinter SEAL .
Ã lisabeth ThÃ rÃ se of Lorraine -LRB- 15 October 1711 -- 3 July 1741 -RRB- was born a Princess of Lorraine and was the last queen run of Charles Emmanuel III of Sardinia .
The birds were also kept as pets and could be cover easily in imprisonment .
Sylacauga is a city in Talladega County , Alabama , United States .
Many objects with sponge-like grain are now made of means not derived from sponge .
By the end of World War I , V12s were popular in the newest and largest fighters and hero and were produced by companies such as Renault and Sunbeam .
It will also work out which archive has the highest number -LRB- i.e. the most recent -RRB- and allow you to skip directly to that one .
Several other early chef salad formula mention collapse Roquefort cheese over the salad .
Divisions were composed of districts which formed the fourth tier of government , but the local government reform of 2000 abolished administrative divisions and raised the districts to become the new third tier of government .
Commonwealth countries which use the rank include Australia , New Zealand , South Africa , Pakistan , India , Singapore , Sri Lanka and Kenya .
They believe that the Holy Spirit is God 's power or `` active force '' rather than an individual .
Riemann 's expressed formula for the number of ground less than a given number in terms of a sum over the nothing of the Riemann zeta function says that the magnitude of the cycle of ground around their expected position is controlled by the real parts of the nothing of the zeta function .
Barly is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
For instance , seeing a 1000 foot view of a location of an event described in wikipedia article on a military conflict is a single click away .
Anne D. Yoder and John J. Flynn 2003 : Origin of Malagasy Carnivora
Toscanini was posthumously awarded the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 1987 .
The Universal Forum of Cultures Monterrey 2007 roll around 4 Core Concepts or Axis .
The Back hall Boys is a Chinese duo who gained fame for their lip sync videos to songs by the Backstreet Boys and other pop stars .
There are two related competitive spring sports , sync trampoline and double mini-trampoline .
Its own large eyes detect even the light of shine .
It eventually went on to sell more than three million copies in the U.S. and more than seven million copies worldwide .
Studies have shown that hot chocolate contains large amounts of antioxidants that may be beneficial to one 's health .
Chocques is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It was recognized that this system often meant the trophy went to the goalkeeper of the better team rather than the individual and hence a change was made to offer the William M. Jennings Trophy to the goalkeeper -LRB- s -RRB- playing for the team with the few goals against . Since 1981 , the Vezina Trophy has been awarded by the NHL general managers to the most outstanding goalkeeper .
Like the previous season , much of Total Drama Action story the events of the eponymous fictional reality shows .
He began his playing career with the Pittsburgh penguin who draft him in the 6th round of the 1979 NHL Entry Draft .
The town was follow in December 1853 .
To fix them , view the article and search for red text , including -LRB- but not limited to -RRB- word such as :
Luc-sur-Mer is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
The show star Faith Ford and Kelly Ripa .
`` We want to avoid any possible unnecessary destruction and loss of life .
The United States Secretary of Commerce is the head of the United States Department of Commerce concerned with business and industry ; the Department states its mission to be `` to foster , promote , and develop the foreign and domestic commerce . ''
When attached to the word stress , it literally means `` good stress '' . The term eustress was first used by endocrinologist Han Selye in 1975 , when he published a model part stress into two major categories : eustress and hurt .
These take are similar to those of Enceladus , where water air from its south pole draw the electron plasma .
During the rash of February , 2011 , the City of Ottawa , Illinois did not have established warming centers , and an ad hoc facility was established .
These units are part of the S Desiro family .
The Netherlands banned absinthe in 1909 ; Switzerland in 1910 ; the United States in 1912 , and France in 1914 .
In marine aquarium Ca chloride is added to introduce bioavailable Ca for Ca carbonate beat animals such as shellfish and cnidarians . Ca hydroxide -LRB- kalkwasser mix -RRB- or a Ca reactor can also be used to introduce Ca , however Ca chloride addition is the fastest method and has minimal impact on pH.
Carlos Vicente Tenorio Medina -LRB- born May 14 , 1979 -RRB- is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays for Emirati club Al-Nasr .
In species growing in areas with seasonal climate changes , wood growth produced at different times of the year may be visible as jump light and dark , or soft and hard , rings of wood .
Carlsville is an unincorporated community in Door County , within the Town of Egg Harbor , Wisconsin , United States .
The city-state of Athens , which became a significant cultural , political and military power during this period , was its center , where it was send as part of a festival called the Dionysia , which honored the god Dionysus .
If threatened , instead of ink , a awkward cloud of bioluminescent mucus containing infinite ball of blue light is release from the arm tips .
Yoshitaka Yamaguchi -LRB- born September 28 , 1944 in Fujieda , Shizuoka , Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Its name was chosen by George Bishop , the owner of the observatory , who named it after Amphitrite , a sea goddess in Greek mythology .
The site , when first chosen , was in marsh outside the city walls .
The Department of Defense created the DIA with the publication of directing 5105.21 , `` Defense Intelligence Agency '' on 1 August , effective 1 October 1961 .
Managing and operating on frequency table data is much simple than operation on raw data .
Cook records that it was Lieutenant Zachary Hickes who first saw land , and Cook named the point after him .
The Kazakhstan national football team represents Kazakhstan in international men 's association football and is directed by Football Federation of Kazakhstan .
This was followed by a television series , Lilo & Stitch : The Series , which ran from September 20 , 2003 to July 29 , 2006 .
These include -LRB- AM = maximum security prison ; COR = correctional -RRB- :
Erasmus , however , translated pithos into the Latin word pyxis , meaning `` box '' .
When the British achieved paramountcy over India , the Nizams were allowed to continue to rule their grand states as client kings .
A commander in the Royal Navy is above the rank of lieutenant-commander , below the rank of captain , and is equivalent in rank to a lieutenant colonel in the army .
Books he has written or on which he has cooperate include :
25.00 % of all households were made up of individuals and 13.00 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
West Bergholt , formerly known as Bergholt Sackville , is a large rural village and civil parish in Essex , England , lying on the border with Suffolk , near to the ancient town of Colchester .
Sargent was chief director of the prom from 1948 until his death in 1967 and of the BBC Symphony Orchestra from 1950 to 1957 , next Sir Adrian Boult .
The station is sponsored by ING Direct and the University of Reading .
Various women 's groups contacted Adams when the song became popular , which led to his publishing a series of books of photos , with all proceeds going to breast cancer research .
Nauru , officially the Republic of Nauru and formerly known as Pleasant Island , is an island nation in TT in the South Pacific .
Both were Democratic , both were kindly to labor and immigrants -LRB- a sharp contrast to publishers like the New York Tribune 's Whitelaw Reid , who damn their poverty on moral fault -RRB- , and both invested enormous resources in their Sunday publications , which go like weekly magazines , going beyond the normal scope of daily journalism .
It is about 6 km in diameter , and area Saturn at an average distance of 23,609 Mm in 1354 d at an list of 168 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 160 Â to Saturn 's equator -RRB- in a retreat direction and with an eccentricity of 0.186 .
By the late 1980s , the SCRIPT system had been extended to contain various rise .
It gets its name from its operating principle , the tan law of magnetism , which states that the tan of the angle a range needle makes is relative to the ratio of the force of the two vertical magnetic fields .
Haeckel produced several embryo drawings that often overemphasized similarities between embryo of related species .
Iolaus tells Hercules about his bride-to-be , Ania .
RuBisCO is also the most abundant protein in leaves , and is considered to be the most abundant protein on Earth .
Zuko , with the help of his uncle , tries to come to terms with his pain past and his obsession with get the Avatar .
In third place in the poll was Å miya -LRB- å å å -RRB- .
120 Â might be described as the natural angle for a V6 since the cylinder fire every 120 Â of crankshaft rotation .
Second , all brown algae are multicellular .
Australopithecus garhi is a willowy australopithecine species whose fossil were discovered in 1996 by a research team led by Ethiopian paleontologist Berhane Asfaw and Tim White , an American paleontologist .
The objects in the Himalia group have semi-major axis -LRB- space from Jupiter -RRB- in the range of 11.15 and 11.75 Gm , list between 26.6 Â and 28.3 Â , and eccentricity of between 0.11 and 0.25 .
Victor Amadeus of Savoy -LRB- Vittorio Amedeo Giovanni Filippo ; 6 May , 1699 -- 22 March , 1715 -RRB- was the eldest son of Victor Amadeus II , Duke of Savoy and his French wife Anne Marie d'Orl Ã AN .
On January 2 , 1945 , the medieval city center was consistently fail by the Royal Air Force and the U.S. Army Air Forces and about 90 percent of it was destroyed in only one hour , with 1,800 residents killed and roughly 100,000 can .
Hemishofen is a municipality in the quarter of Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
root of John F. Kennedy
Pikachu is among the most recognizable PokÃ Monday , largely because a Pikachu is a central character in the PokÃ Monday anime series .
Lenihan denied he had force the President but then a tape was produced of an ` on the record ' interview he had given to a graduate student the previous May in which he frankly discussed attempting to apply pressure .
Les deux journÃ E -LRB- 1800 -RRB- , in which Cherubini simplified his style , was a popular success .
Residents installed storm shutter , while boat owners moved their yacht to safer locations .
North Korea take the northern portion of the Korean Peninsula , lying between parallel 37 Â and 43 Â N , and longitude 124 Â and 131 Â E. It covers an area of 120540 k. North Korea shares land borders with People 's Republic of China and Russia to the north , and borders South Korea along the Korean disarm Zone . To its west are the Yellow Sea and Korea Bay , and to its east lies Japan across the Sea of Japan -LRB- East Sea of Korea -RRB- .
In July 2005 , the band appeared at Live 8 in Hyde Park , where they played a interpretation of The vitality 's `` Bitter Sweet Symphony '' with Richard Ashcroft on song .
The fans at Chicago Stadium were threatening story , and Lewicki gave story his stick to defend himself .
Before the adoption of the symbol , the most commonly used symbols for the rupee were Rs , Re or if the text was in an Indian language , then an appropriate abbreviation in that language .
Porthmadog Football Club is a football team , playing in the Wales Alliance .
JÃ 1\/4 rgen Kohler -LRB- born October 6 , 1965 in Lambsheim -RRB- is a World Cup-winning German center back football player and football manager .
Because barite is so insoluble , it can not be used directly for the preparation of other Ba compound , or Ba metal . Instead , the ore is heated with carbon to reduce it to Ba sulfide :
The Volcanalia sacrifice was offered here to Vulcan , on August 23 .
While the Agreement was renounce and sentence by unionist , it was said to become the basis for developing trust and common action between the governments , which in time would ultimately bring about the down Street Declaration of 1993 , and the subsequent republican and loyalist cease-fires .
The largest in the area since 1990 , it measured 7.3 on the moment magnitude scale and was center approximately 270 k south of Meshed on the village of Ardekul .
gospel -LRB- from Latin creed meaning `` I believe '' -RRB- are concise doctrinal statements or confession , usually of religious beliefs .
Thus , the consul conducted the elections and put legislative measures to the vote .
FreeNAS is a free network-attached storage server , supporting : CIFS -LRB- Samba -RRB- , FTP , NFS , rsync , AFP protocol , iSCSI , S.M.A.R.T. , local user certification , and software RAID -LRB- 0,1,5 -RRB- , with a web-based form interface .
Most departments have only three or four arrondissements .
A student of Camille Saint-Sa Ã `` north , he served as the organist of Saint-Augustin Church in Paris for 62 years .
a sub-alpine ; 4 .
Some infoboxes should be code inside an article .
Barbini somehow managed to put Lewicki on the Providence list before Toronto and New York , who had filed at 12:01 am on Lewicki 's 16th birthday .
Walter appeal , and the fine was reduced to US$ 1,500 .
Alabama gained statehood on 14 December 1819 .
During the Batavian Republic , the Netherlands were from 1798 to 1801 completely regroup into 8 new departments , most named after rivers , inspired by the French revolutionary example , in an attempt to do away with the old independent provincial status .
After hearing the talk of Justus von Liebig he decided to study chemistry .
The better Report passed the House of Delegates on January 7 by a margin of 60 to 40 .
It can also be used in biology to signal that a particle or chemical is to be bound to another particle .
Season in progress .
BSELP002 - Cruel & Unusual A. Black Sun Empire - The cool B. Black Sun Empire & Corrupt Souls - Everything C. Black Sun Empire - Bitemark D. Black Sun Empire & SKC - mask E. Black Sun Empire & Noisia - outrageous F. Black Sun Empire -LRB- effort .
In his later years , Dr. Deming taught many concepts , which he stress by key say or credit that he repeated .
In the sixth book , Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Harry enters a troubled puberty that , Rowling says , is based on her and her younger sister 's own difficult teenage years .
This was a practical electrical telegraph system , and subsequently electrical telegraph came to refer to a point wire - a system where an operator makes and breaks an electrical contact with a telegraph key , which results in an audible signal at the other end produced by a telegraph good , which is see and canned by a human .
Korea University -LRB- ê ë ë í ê ; é `` é -- å å æ -RRB- is a nonsectarian , private research university located primarily in Seoul , South Korea , and one of the SKY universities , a historical acronym used in South Korea to refer to Seoul National University , Korea University , and Yonsei University .
On 2 December 1971 Dubai , together with Abu Dhabi and five other emirates , formed the United Arab Emirates after the former guardian , Britain , left the Iranian Gulf in 1971 .
As religious membership became more break , such as through the revival of Methodism , the legitimacy of the parish vestry came into question and the perceived inefficiency and corruption built-in in the system became a source for concern .
Poptub is updated daily from Pepsi .
Unlike the Microsoft head family of enterprise-oriented security products , Microsoft Security necessary is gear for consumer use .
The Focus replaced the Ford Escort\/Mercury Tracer and Ford Contour\/Mercury Mystique in North America and won North American Car of the Year award for 2000 -LRB- the Ford Focus -LRB- international -RRB- won European Car of the Year in 1999 -RRB- .
He was a senior and influential Jemaah Islamiah leader with ties to Osama bin load .
It is available in print , CD-ROM format and online , in both Bengali and English .
The roman used lead pipe dedication to prevent water theft .
`` Roma Rhapsody '' is a song by the British rock band Queen .
The symbol I and sometimes J are usually used to refer to the moment of inertia or opposite moment of inertia .
During that time , he sang lied in POW camps to homesick German soldiers .
Northwest Airlines ' regional flights were operated under the name Northwest Airlink by Mesaba Airlines , top Airlines , and range Airlines .
This category contains requests for cut to protected pages .
`` Epidemiological studies suggest that more than 500,000 Americans die each year from cardiopulmonary disease linked to breathing fine particle air pollution ... '' A study by the University of Birmingham has shown a strong correlation between pneumonia related deaths and air pollution from motor vehicles .
Ã mile FranÃ ois Zola -LRB- ; 2 April 1840 -- 29 September 1902 -RRB- was a French writer , the most important example of the literary school of realism and an important contributor to the development of representation realism .
In 1618 , he was given responsibility for `` collecting the sacrifice on the laws concerning toilet , for twenty-one years '' .
One of the IWAâ s central activities is holding events which are designed to spread information to the public on a host of public policy issues .
These village are nest on mountain ridge about 20 km from the city of Abbottabad .
Instead , West Virginia Governor Ray Sullivan -LRB- Brett Cullen -RRB- is chosen as Vinick 's running mate .
Vowles remained a member of Massive Attack until shortly after the release of their third full-length album , Mezzanine , in 1998 .
This suggestion Clinton refused ; after a military court , AndrÃ was fall at Tappan , New York on October 2 .
Nicol David 's other notable achievements include the Asian crush Championship , which she won with a record of seven times -LRB- in 1998 , 2000 , 2002 , 2004 , 2006 , 2008 and 2010 -RRB- .
Ni -LRB- II -RRB- oxide is the chemical compound with the formula NiO . It is notable as being the only well characterized oxide of Ni -LRB- although Ni -LRB- III -RRB- oxide , Ni2O3 and NiO2 have been claimed -RRB- .
Ca carbonate is a chemical compound with the chemical formula CaCO3 .
Beverly sill -LRB- May 25 , 1929-July 2 , 2007 -RRB- was an American operatic treble whose peak career was between the 1950s and 1970s .
Stone died on 10 January 2009 .
The lease agreement ties the arena to the ownership of the Tampa Bay Lightning .
With version 8 , it also blocks access to sites known to host malware .
He plays for Primeiro .
On the other hand , some Republicans have admire the show since its origin , before even the departure of Sorkin and the show 's resulting shift toward the center .
The left side -LRB- see left heart -RRB- collect oxygenated blood from the lung into the left atrium . From the left atrium the blood moves to the left ventricle , through the premolar valve , which heart it out to the body -LRB- via the aorta -RRB- .
The most common tree species are sitka spruce and western hemlock .
In 1995 the club was renamed Angusht and finished second in their zone , fix promotion to the Second League -LRB- they were playing in Malgobek that season -RRB- .
Windows view ships in eight version .
The Almoravids were invited after the fall of Toledo -LRB- 1085 -RRB- , and the Almohads after the fall of Lisbon -LRB- 1147 -RRB- .
Cristiano Doni -LRB- born April 1 , 1973 -RRB- is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Atalanta BC , as an attacking midfielder .
Different instructions may take different amounts of time -LRB- e.g. , CISC architecture -RRB- .
It was Kwok 's first Golden Horse nomination and beat veteran Hong Kong star Tony Leung Ka-fai to win the honor .
Hussein Hussein Abd al-Majid al-Tikriti -LRB- Arabic : ' ; 28 April 1937 â `` 30 December 2006 -RRB- was the fifth President of Iraq , serving in this capacity from 16 July 1979 until 9 April 2003 .
Saint-Martin-de-Fontenay is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
Bretteville-le-Rabet is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
The Yom Kippur prayer service includes several unique aspects .
Caseneuve is a communicate in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeast France .
Kellerton is a city in Ringgold County , Iowa , United States .
A state religion -LRB- also called an official religion , established church or state church -RRB- is a religious body or gospel officially back by the state .
In the days and weeks that follow , few dinosaur remain .
PÃ rez drove for the Campos Grand Prix team in the 2008 â `` 09 GP2 Asia Series season , partner Russian driver Vitaly Petrov .
The Fox and the dog 2 Soundtrack Album features a combination of country and bluegrass writers and performers were found in Nashville by Disney according to the music supervisor Kimberly Oliver , and Matt Walker Senior VP , DisneyToon Studios .
The code for this predetermined can be viewed at AutoEd\/complete .
In 1994 , Zabel won the first UCI Road World Cup victory in the history of the team , the Parisâ `` Tours .
The Oklahoma Panhandle is the extreme western region of the state of Oklahoma , be bighorn County , Texas County , and Beaver County .
Tatyana is reading a romantic novel and quite draw by it , but her mother tells her that real life is very different from such stories .
After the Nazi came to power in the early 1930s , BartÃ k refused to give concert in Germany and broke with his publisher there .
Clokey created Gumbasia while studying at the University of Southern California under the direction of Slavko VorkapiÄ .
Sir George Biddell aerial Pr KCB -LRB- 27 July 1801 â `` 2 January 1892 -RRB- was an English mathematician and astronomer , Astronomer Royal from 1835 to 1881 .
Sawyer is well-known for his spin and his spiral positions , which show great flexibility .
On 23 March 1933 , Hindenburg signed the enable Act of 1933 into law , which gave order issued by the cabinet -LRB- in effect , Hitler -RRB- the force of law .
In those countries , any film or photo with a child subject in a sexual act is considered porn and illegal .
The junglefowl are seed-eaters , but insects are also taken , particularly by the young birds .
Tsuchihashi played for Urawa Red Diamonds in the J. League .
The city of Amritsar -LRB- population , 162,429 in 1901 -RRB- was the head quarters .
In Luke , Pilate not only agrees that Jesus did not conjure against Rome , but Herod Antipas , the tetrarch of Galilee , also finds nothing unfaithful in Jesus ' actions .
The magnetic field is not the same , though ; the magnetic field is significantly stronger near the terminal of a attraction .
Medicine wheels were built by laying out stones in a bill pattern that often looked like a wagon wheel lying on its side .
In 1978 the sea flag was adopted as the sole national flag , with a 2:3 ratio . The flag is used on both land and sea is also the war and civil ensign , replacing all other designs surviving until that time .
Lenihan became the first Fianna FÃ il presidential candidate in the history of the office to lose a presidential election .
On the night of April 24 , 1915 , the Ottoman government rounded-up and jail an estimated 250 Armenian intellectual and community leaders .
His movement eventually acquired 10 of thousands of supporters , was virulently opposed by Iran 's Shi ` a clergy , and was crush by the Iranian government leading to the persecution and killing of thousands of his followers , called BÃ bÃ s. In 1850 , at the age of thirty , the BÃ b was shot by a firing squad in TabrÃ z.
The Eastern Wallaroo -LRB- Macropus robustus -RRB- , also known as the Common Wallaroo , the Hill Wallaroo or the Euro , is a large , variable species of macropod found throughout much of the Australian mainland .
Gilli-danda -LRB- Devanagari : à -- à à à à à à à # à à à 3\/4 -RRB- , or Gilli Danda is an amateur sport , popular among rural youth in the Indian subcontinent and Cambodia .
The official proper design for a game port-MIDI adapter can be found at this MIDI page .
Due to the bend in the San Joaquin River channel at the head of the Old River , a significant portion of the San Joaquin River flow continues down the Old River instead of heading north along the San Joaquin .
observer argue that Husserl 's notion of noema has nothing to do with Frege 's notion of sense , because noemata are necessarily mix with noeses which are the conscious activities of consciousness .
Most features that light gives are available to all users who have installed it .
On June 19 , 2010 , Bol died from acute kidney failure and complications from Stevensâ `` Johnson syndrome at the University of Virginia Medical Center in Charlottesville , Virginia .
Objects fall into three classes : direct objects , adpositional objects , and non-prepositional indirect objects . A direct object answers the question `` What ? ''
The Tibetan word Kachee literally means Kashmiri and Kashmir was known as Kachee Yul -LRB- Yul means Country -RRB- .
Judith Chapman -LRB- born Judith Shepard on November 15 , 1945 in Greenville , South Carolina -RRB- is an actress known to fans of American day television .
On 2 August 1990 , Hussein occupy and annexed Kuwait , initially claiming assistance to `` Kuwaiti revolutionary , '' thus trip an international crisis .
In what is today central Mexico , a enormous crowd of Alamosaurus is range the field in search of food .
C. The January 31 -LRB- a Saturday -RRB- game was tied 2 â `` 2 at midnight and the Mayor of Westmount refused to allow play to continue on the Sunday .
The area is noted for the concentration of performance motorsport companies and facilities .
It was written by Justin LhÃ risson and composed by Nicolas Geffrard and adopted in 1904 .
Vaccine production techniques are develop .
Traditional eastern theater , beginning with the ancient Greek , was divided into comedy and tragedy .
innovative for the World Trade Center took place on , 1966 .
These include , complete shower units which are all cover shower that include the pan , walls , and often the shower head , as well and pick together units in which you buy the pan , shower head and doors all separately .
During World War I and World War II , the research of the institute was directed more or less towards Germany 's military needs .
The image is from Silver Surfer # 1 -LRB- 1982 -RRB- .
The state 's two fastest growing counties are : Summit -LRB- at 91.6 percent ; ranking it 8th in the country -RRB- and Washington -LRB- at 86.1 percent ; ranking it 12th -RRB- .
Blackpool Borough Council transferred the operation of the tram and buses to Blackpool Transport Services Limited in 1986 .
L'incoronazione di Poppea -LRB- SV 308 , The Coronation of Poppea -RRB- is an Italian baroque opera be a prologue and three acts , first performed in Venice during the 1642 â `` 43 fair season .
an alpine plant , the two latter of widely different origin , and in one sense proper to the Rocky Mountain ranges .
The Chevrolet launched in India the Chevrolet Captiva SUV . The latest models launched by Chevrolet is the Chevrolet Beat & the Chevrolet Cruze .
Marc Crosas Luque -LRB- born 9 January 1988 in Sant Feliu de GuÃ xols , Girona , Catalonia , Spain -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who currently plays for FC Volga as a central midfielder .
The visual geometric albedo refers to the geometric albedo quantity when accounting for only electromagnetic radiation in the visible spectrum .
The literacy rate of Namli Maira is about 75 % .
mask by her burka , she travel to the northeast , first to Peshawar and then to Rawalpindi .
The motor coaches were new build , but the trailer were converted from Mk1 drag stock .
The moves that one PokÃ Monday may learn are different from another depending on the species of PokÃ Monday ; even those that develop from others do not necessarily learn all the same moves that their herald learn .
The body was created by the first state constitution adopted in 1818 . The Illinois Senate is made up of 59 senators elected from individual legislative districts determined by population .
The Roman Plot was a false conspiracy hatch by Titus Oates that grip England in anti-Catholic fury between 1678 and 1681 .
Morgan Porterfield Freeman , Jr. -LRB- born June 1 , 1937 -RRB- is an American actor , film director , and narrator .
; State Chancellery The State Chancellery -LRB- German : Senatskanzlei -RRB- organize the senate and support the mayor .
Unlike revolution in the West , the Xinhai Revolution did not restructure society .
In Blood Music reality becomes fluid as the number of observer -- million of intelligent single-cell being -- spiral higher and higher .
Satoshi Hashida -LRB- born 20 December 1981 -RRB- is a Japanese football player who plays for Thespa Kusatsu .
The ITO was resolve in 1925 .
Average annual rain is 55.9 inches -LRB- 1,420 mm -RRB- .
In 1897 Sisley and his partner visited Wales and were finally married in Cardiff Register Office on 5 August .
The fan club , which started in 1994 , was kept relatively close at first , as the group has never made any mention of it on their official website .
The first competitive match followed four days later , a UEFA Cup contest between Manchester City and Welsh Premier League side Tennessee , which City won 5 â `` 0 .
Morval is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It link buoyancy to shift .
Sherwood Anderson -LRB- September 13 , 1876 -- March 8 , 1941 -RRB- was an American novelist and short story writer .
Hercules , suspect Atlas did not intend to return , make to agree to Atlas ' offer , asking only that Atlas take the sky again for a few minutes so Hercules could rearrange his mask as pad on his shoulders . When Atlas set down the apple and took the Heaven upon his shoulders again , Hercules took the apple and ran away .
Although both Tragedy of disaster and The Author 's stuff were main shows , they jump on the bill until the 18 June 1731 performance , the final showing of any field play in the Little Theatre except for a 12 May 1732 benefit show of The Author 's stuff .
Most of the men were killed at Jasenovac , but women were sent to forced labor in Germany .
Constant Lievens -LRB- 11 April 1856 - 7 November 1893 -RRB- was a Flemish Jesuit priest , missionary among the tribal peoples of India .
Les Breuleux is a municipality in the district of Franches-Montagnes in the quarter of Jura in Switzerland .
In England , pencil continued to be made from whole saw graphite .
In contrast , BartÃ k and KodÃ ly discovered that the old Hungarian folk line were based on pentatonic scale , similar to those in Asian folk traditions , such as those of Central Asia and Siberia .
The lake flood has can 6,000 people from upstream villages , ground -LRB- from land transportation routes -RRB- a further 25,000 , and flood over 12 m of the Karakoram Highway .
In Paris , the first open-air cafÃ of baked goods was developed , and baking became an established art throughout the entire world .
From preliminary spiritual study of the Hubble Space scope images , the eastern hemisphere appears to be some kind of high albedo , heavily cratered `` highland '' terrain with aged regolith , and Crater searching into deeper plutonic layers of the crust .
The band Smash Mouth recorded a cover of the Sherman Brothers song , `` I Wanna Be Like You '' -LRB- originally from the 1967 musical film -RRB- , which is featured on this film 's soundtrack .
Espaillat is a province of the Dominican Republic . It is named for Ulises Francisco Espaillat -LRB- 1823-1878 -RRB- , the 19th-century author who was briefly President of the Republic in 1876 .
By this standard , the Amazon is wider at its mouth than the entire length of the River Thames in England .
Lauri Porra -LRB- born December 13 , 1977 -RRB- is a Finnish bassist best known for his work in Stratovarius and Sinergy .
Any pre-existing relationship between Jesus and Lazarus himself , prior to the miracle , is unspecified by John .
His father died when he was 10 and his mother died five years after .
Oigny-en-Valois is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Another translation used the original English spelling of Nadsat terms .
The county seat is hold , which was incorporated in 1803 .
Jens interview in 2001 .
He graduated from The Catholic University of America in 1989 with a BA .
Boveri also discovered the phenomenon of chromatin step-down during embryonic development of the nematode Parascaris .
An automatic square system was first introduced on the Martin 4-0-4 aircraft , a piston engine plane .
The first words on Radio 1 â `` after a `` countdown '' by the Controller of radio 1 and 2 , Robin Scott , and a jingle , recorded at PAMS in Dallas , Texas , beginning `` The voice of Radio 1 '' â `` were '' ... And , good morning everyone . Welcome to the exciting new sound of Radio 1 '' .
The newly-built circuit in Istanbul joined the 2004 starter Bahrain and China .
This was to serve him in good place in John Dexter 's masterful shit of The Life of Galileo in 1980 , the first Brecht to become a popular success .
These areas form microclimates for plants and animals and often serve as a safety during the dry season .
The village is home to two high schools , Palatine High School on the northeast side and William Fremd High School on the southwest side ; and a community college , William Rainey Harper College .
In this list only , an star -LRB- \* -RRB- indicates stations at which trains are not normally scheduled to stop , and exist primarily for heritage purposes .
Bede -LRB- pronounced `` drop '' \/ ; ; 672 \/ 673 â `` 26 May 735 -RRB- , also referred to as Saint Bede or the august Bede , was a monk at the Northumbrian monastery of Saint Peter at Monkwearmouth , today part of Sunderland , England , and of its companion monastery , Saint Paul 's , in modern Jarrow -LRB- see Wearmouth-Jarrow -RRB- , both in the Kingdom of Northumbria .
FSV Mainz 05 , which he had joined in 1995 ; the club was then in the second division .
The last time Carr worked with Kiss was in July 1991 when Kiss filmed the video for `` God Gave Rock ` N Roll To You '' with Carr playing beat .
It is formed entirely from hexagonally joint basalt tower , similar in structure to -LRB- and part of the same ancient lava flow as -RRB- the Giant 's Causeway in Northern Ireland and those of nearby Ulva .
The Toronto Blue jay are a professional baseball team located in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Brian Steen Nielsen -LRB- born 28 December 1968 -RRB- is a former Danish professional footballer from Denmark , who most notably played 66 matches as a defensive midfielder for the Denmark national team between 1990 and 2002 , scoring three goals .
In computing , a Las Vegas algorithm is a randomized algorithm that always gives correct results ; that is , it always produces the correct result or it inform about the failure .
Like many Frankfurt public sites , it was privately finance and implemented by the architect Heinrich Siesmayer .
It is the mother church of the Anglican Diocese of Southwark .
Giuseppe Rossi -LRB- born 1 February 1987 -RRB- is an American-born Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Villarreal CF and the Italian national team .
Speed 's 2007 season was largely disappointing , mark with poor reliability and several crash .
Adelong is a small town in the Riverina region of New South Wales , Australia and is a part of the Tumut Shire .
Created by Hideo Kojima , Metal Gear is Konami 's main franchise and has sold approximately 26.5 million units as of February 2009 . Introduced in the first game of the series , Metal Gear -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , Snake has appeared in the majority of subsequent games and spin-offs .
Gregory Forth suppose that H. floresiensis may have survived longer in other parts of Flores to become the source of the Ebu Gogo stories told among the local people .
In 1964 , Tonka acquired the Mell Manufacturing Company in Chicago , Illinois , allowing Tonka to expand into producing barbecue grill , eventually under the `` Tonka Firebowl '' label .
Jorge Pereira da Silva -LRB- born 4 December 1985 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
It is the seventh book in the Redwall series .
Fontenelle-en-Brie is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Karts do not have a differential .
In Tbilisi Totovents edited `` Armenia '' paper , the official organ of Andranik .
The Capetian dynasty is the largest and oldest European royal house , consisting of the descendants of Hugh Capet of France in the male line .
It was certified 14 times platinum by the BPI , four times platinum by the RIAA , eight times platinum by the CRIA and six times platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association .
Baking powder works by releasing carbon dioxide gas into a batter or sugar through an acid-base reaction , causing bubble in the wet mixture to expand and thus prove the mixture .
Different attack models are used for other cryptographic primitive , or more generally for all kind of security systems .
The 24 edges bound 6 square lying in the 6 organize planes .
Do not out an editor 's real life identity in order to prove a conflict of interest .
The name `` kangaroo mouse '' refers to the species ' extraordinary jumping ability , as well as its habit of two-footed travel .
An ellipsis is also often used in mathematics to mean `` and so forth '' . In a list , between comma , or following a comma , a normal ellipsis is used , as in :
Other common utility pole materials are steel and concrete , with complex -LRB- such as fiberglass -RRB- also becoming more dominant .
Despite their common names , as adults , crane flies do not target on mosquito , nor do they bite humans .
Chevry is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
The Tasmanian form , Macropus rufogriseus rufogriseus , usually known as Bennett 's Wallaby is smaller -LRB- as island species nearly always are -RRB- , has longer , shaggy fur , and cover in the late summer , mostly between February and April .
Metz is a city in the northeast of France , capital of the Lorraine region and prefecture of the Moselle department .
In February 1945 , additional attacks followed .
The spot instead went to Christmas Redding .
Hialeah Gardens High School serves Hialeah Gardens .
Sejanus was tried , and he and several of his colleagues were executed within the week .
When no one showed any interest , Cave took on the task by himself .
Note however that an article should have immediate potential , as Wikipedia is not a crystal ball .
Guilherand-Granges is a communicate in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
This category is for articles about science fiction books which are not novels - for example , anthology , short story collections , novella , and non-fiction works about science fiction .
`` Modulo '' , remainder of division after truncate both operand to an integer -LRB- PHP operator % -RRB- .
Prior to becoming an astronaut , he had attended the United States Military Academy , and from there he joined the United States Air Force and flew F-86s at Chambley-Bussieres Air Base , France .
entity other than the cache may change the data in the backing store , in which case the copy in the cache may become out-of-date or cold .
An open proxy is a proxy server that is accessible by any Internet user .
In the first practice mix of the medley , constructed on 30 July , `` Her Majesty '' followed `` Mean Mr. Mustard '' -LRB- on the released version of the album , `` Her Majesty '' begins with the strike final chord of `` Mean Mr. Mustard '' -RRB- .
Its seat is in VÃ Ã ksy .
Piper also stars as Hannah Baxter\/Belle de Jour in Secret Diary of a Call Girl , an ITV2 adaptation of Belle de Jour 's The Intimate Adventures of a London Call Girl , a memoir detail the life of a high-class whore .
`` Wo n't Go Home Without You '' is the third single released from strand 5 's second album , It Wo n't Be Soon Before Long -LRB- 2007 -RRB- .
However , when Brad Armstrong was forced to free the title due to injury on September 2 , 1992 , it became still .
In the words of Baudelaire , `` Delacroix was passionately in love with passion , but coldly determined to express passion as clearly as possible . ''
The city is very close to the international shipping route and East-West shipping axis .
As a result , heavy rain fell along the Atlantic coast of Nova Scotia . At Baccaro Point , 224 mm -LRB- 8.8 in -RRB- of rain was reported , while 145 mm -LRB- 5.8 in -RRB- fell at Sambro , near Halifax .
In the twentieth century , historic industries have been replaced by modern knowledge-based industries , primarily information and communications technology and life sciences .
A bayonet -LRB- from French baÃ onnette -RRB- is a knife , sticker , sword , or spike-shaped weapon designed to fit in , on , over or underneath the gag of a rifle , musket or similar weapon , effectively turning the gun into a gig .
Empedocles ' death was mythologized by ancient writers , and has been the subject of a number of literary treatments .
The C14 Timberwolf MRSWS -LRB- Medium Range Sniper Weapon System -RRB- is a manually operated bolt action sniper rifle built by the Canadian arms company PGW Defense Technologies Inc. .
Rhizopus stolonifer -LRB- black bread work -RRB- is a widely distributed thread-like Mucoralean work .
Lerm-et-Musset is a communicate in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
It has a population of 29,719 , and is located at 25 Â 28 ' 0N 68 Â 24 ' 0E lying to the north-east of the district capital - Hyderabad .
Cool waters caused the hurricane to break to a tropical storm on September 4 , and Howard drop into a end low on September 5 .
In addition to lead singer Ronnie James Dio , Graham hood , Joe Lynn Turner and Doogie White , the project lie of numerous backing musicians .
An paternal relative of William III , John William Friso of Nassau , who also by female line come from William the Silent , was designated the successor to the prince of Orange in the Netherlands by the last will of William III .
The University of Zielona GÃ Re was opened in 2001 .
One is for the animal to go in with its wall , while another is for the animal to mask itself as something uninteresting or something dangerous .
Mansell got ahead on lap 36 and Prost followed him through six circle later .
During the Iron Age humans started using iron for making tools and weapons .
There are roughly 90 species of kingfisher .
This example also shows the use of the liststyle argument to add some extra pad around the list , the group1 argument to remove the `` States '' heading , and the GA argument to change link from `` Georgia -LRB- U.S. state -RRB- '' to `` Georgia '' .
It was created in 1956 , when the Normandy region was divided into Lower Normandy and Upper Normandy .
Due to the high water table in the new location , the cathedral was built on only four feet of base , and by 1258 the nave , transept and chorus were complete .
He plays as a midfielder for Vissel Kobe .
Other species such as white-throated grasswrens have declined because of too many fires .
Stoneman ordered Burbridge to bring his division of 4,200 trooper through the Cumberland Gap to join Stoneman and Gillem at Knoxville , Tennessee , where Gillem was refit his own command into a picked force of 1,500 men .
Though both acknowledge the primacy of the Bishop of Rome , Eastern Orthodoxy understands this as a primacy of honor with limited or no ecclesiastical authority in other diocese .
Since 1991 Ternopil has been a part of independent Ukraine , along with other cities of western Ukraine .
Takes one optional argument , the year-number .
in the U.S. due to the special fund-raising concert that air on UPN at the same time that the first edition would have gone out , resulting in only the second hour of the show being shown on UPN .
It brought a full professional contract for 2007 and 2008 .
Shusuke Tsubouchi is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Omiya Ardija .
The next day , Heihachi 's death is declared all over the world -LRB- unknown to everyone , Heihachi is still alive -RRB- , and everyone counter the end of the Mishima Zaibatsu .
The metropolitan counties have population density of between 800 -LRB- South Yorkshire -RRB- and 2800 -LRB- West Midlands -RRB- people\/km Â .
He soon became known as the Wildman of the Loxahatchee .
There are several methods to allow the end-word to stay on the same line , without wind .
The DjVu developers report that color magazine pages press to 40 â `` 70 K , black and white technical papers press to 15 â `` 40 K , and ancient ms press to around 100 K ; a acceptable JPEG image typically requires 500 K .
Coweta is located at -LRB- 35.963155 , -95.661586 -RRB- .
He was the husband of Joan I of Navarre , by merit of which he was King of Navarre -LRB- as Philip I -RRB- and Count of Champagne from 1284 to 1305 .
High in protein and rich in vitamin and mineral , miso played an important nutritional role in feudal Japan .
During the Fatal 4-Way pay-per-view , link interfere in the main event for the WWE Championship , attacking all the wrestler involved .
Nobuhiro Ishizaki -LRB- born 14 March 1958 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The SPÃ -- proposed a hard-and-fast control over prices in addition to the reduction of brokerage charge .
It is challenge whether these changes in scores reflect real changes in intellectual abilities .
It also received a star review from Kirkus .
FC KÃ ln and for the German national team .
Venansault is a communicate in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
He devoted all his energy to the magazine , and rarely left its offices at St John 's Gate , Clerkenwell .
The Roman Senate was a political institution in ancient Rome .
therefore , because of that focus , the simple act of ignoring troublesome users , and moving on to improve another article , be a total victory over their attempts to block other people from working on articles .
Carcassonne became famous in its role in the Albigensian cause , when the city was a stronghold of Provencal Cathars .
On Arundel 's advice , Henry passed the De heretico comburendo and was thus the first English king to allow the burning of heretics , mainly to crush the Lollard movement .
Eugenia was discovered on June 28 , 1857 by the Franco-German amateur astronomer Hermann Goldschmidt .
He room with a reverend for a time before room on the third floor of what is now Maine Hall in 1823 .
The desert is popular with tourists , particularly in winter , and popular landmark include the ruins and hill springs at Dalhousie Springs , Purnie have wetlands , Approdinna Attora mound and Poeppel Corner -LRB- where Queensland , South Australia and Northern Territory meet -RRB- .
However , there were some composer in previous centuries that have composed music in this key .
Immediately after the impact , the Earth 's cape was vigorously convecting , the surface was a large magma ocean .
He then went on to play for in the ECHL and American Hockey League before returning to his hometown of Thunder Bay to play for the Lakehead Thunderwolves .
Rb hydroxide is a corrosive compound that causes immediate burns to the skin on contact .
opening Alchemica is the only survivor of the five gates of the Palombara villa , there was an lost door on the opposite side enable to give it a date of 1680 , there were also four other dedication lost on the walls of the mansion inside the villa .
John Laing & Sons -LRB- Holdings -RRB- Ltd was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1952 .
These instruments may have just four strings ; or some strings may be couple in courses , giving the instrument a total of eight strings .
Despite initial postwar plans to break-up the Agip company , Agip 's administrator Enrico Mattei converted it to a state monopoly , renamed Eni .
The aqueous rock can then be subsequently turned into a metamorphic rock due to heat and pressure , and the metamorphic rock can be weather , eroded , bank , and lithified , becoming a aqueous rock . aqueous rock may also be re-eroded and redeposited , and metamorphic rock may also undergo additional metamorphism .
Trilogy is a series of three novels written by Robert Shea and Robert Anton Wilson first published in 1975 .
It is a translation of the Biblical Hebrew word ' \/ ger .
Her stepmother later described her as one of the most cordial and pure of women .
The first mayor of Gaborone was Reverend Derek Jones .
As of 2010 , the only programming featuring classic Disney characters is Mickey Mouse club on Disney Junior , and the Have a Laugh !
Since the release of the first-generation product , some MacBook Air users have kick of overheating that caused processor locking .
The historical journal , a forum where academic historian could exchange ideas and publish newly discovered information , came into being in the 19th century .
When discussing Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band , composer Ned Rorem described `` She 's Leaving Home '' as `` equal to any song that Schubert ever wrote . ''
The bulk of their diet consists of rodents , but larger lizard and mammals as big as ocelot are also reported to have been have .
It was released on Wii on November 9 , 2009 in North America .
Key exchange -LRB- also known as `` key establishment '' -RRB- is any method in coding by which cryptographic keys are change between users , allowing use of a cryptographic algorithm .
It is considered the well-to-do shot to master , perhaps because it is the most natural stroke .
There are other theorem for which a proof is known , but the proof can not easily be written down .
Le Beaucet is a communicate in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeast France .
These three white shadow , the first discovered , are the so-called classical white shadow . , p. 2 Eventually , many light white stars were found which had high proper motion , indicating that they could be suspected to be low-luminosity stars close to the Earth , and hence white shadow .
Because carbon dioxide is released at a faster rate through the acid-base reaction than through unrest , sugar made by chemical prove are called quick sugar .
He started traveling at age 14 , and believes that , as of 2004 , he had traveled at least two million miles , including on the Trans-Siberian Railway and through 11 round-the-world air travel .
As of 1 January 2010 , it had a population of 4,908 and an area of 5.3 kmÂ .
They can breathe intense flames that can run any material , but will never torch a light enemy .
In any case , Wikipedia is a work in progress , and many articles contain errors , bias , duplicate , or simply need tender loving care .
The British Royal Navy is commonly referred to as the `` Royal Navy '' both in the United Kingdom and other countries .
From 1982 to 1986 he served as deputy to the Bavarian secretary of the state and then as minister of state from 1982 to 1988 .
According to the 2004 census -LRB- INE -RRB- , the municipality has a population of 649 inhabitants .
They are to eat any food offered , heal the sick and spread the word that God 's reign is coming , that whoever see them see Jesus , whoever decline them decline Jesus , and whoever decline Jesus decline the One who sent him .
William wanted it to be a home for disabled KNIL soldiers .
College bookstore was previously owned by company chairman Leonard Riggio .
Russian railway department - Gorkovskaya Railroad -LRB- Ð `` Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ñ Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ñ Ð Ð Ð '' Ð Ð Ð 1\/2 Ð Ñ Ð Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð -RRB- , which operates some 5,700 km of rail lines throughout the Middle Volga region -LRB- of which some 1,200 are in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast -RRB- , is headquartered in Nizhny Novgorod .
Eventually , Carl , Jr. 's spending habits alert company shareholder , especially after the dear right of the western epic Sutter 's Gold earlier in the year .
Muslims and Christians account for 5.5 % and 6 % respectively . Most of the Christians are Roman Catholic .
The population was 9,832 at the 2000 census .
Software development -LRB- also known as application development , software design , plan software , software application development , enterprise application development , or platform development -RRB- is the development of a software product . The term `` software development '' may be used to refer to the activity of computer programming , which is the process of writing and maintaining the source code , but in a broader sense of the term it includes all that is involved between the design of the desired software through to the final expression of the software , ideally in a planned and structure process .
Another recruitment magazine Jiu Jik -LRB- æ è -RRB- , published by South China Morning Post , replaced enter as the only free recruitment magazine distributed in MTR stations bi-weekly .
States in orange represent states that lost votes . This would give the Democratic Party a net loss of six electoral votes in safe states , for a national total of 242 ; the Republican Party a net gain of six electoral votes in safe states , for a national total of 181 ; and swing states no change from a national total of 115 .
section have been spin off of his emails , including `` Teen Girl Squad '' , a comic drawn by Strong Bad about four teenage friends .
A major feature of the blues scale is the use of blue notes , however , since blue notes are considered alternative modulation , a blues scale may be considered to not fit the traditional definition of a scale . At its most basic , a single version of this `` blues scale '' is commonly used over all changes -LRB- or chord -RRB- in a twelve bar blues progress .
Earlier packages of Duke Nukem 3D also included the complete versions of Duke Nukem I and II as a bonus .
However , they were able to call upon their other star names such as attacking midfielders Andrei Arshavin and Konstantin Zyryanov , as well as holding midfielder Anatoliy Tymoschuk .
The United States presidential election of 1996 was a contest between the Democratic national ticket of President Bill Clinton of Arkansas and Vice President Al panel of Tennessee and the Republican national ticket of former Senator Bob Dole of Kansas for President and former Housing Secretary Jack Kemp of New York for Vice President .
The stack was first proposed in 1955 , and then patent in 1957 , by the German Friedrich L. Bauer .
Unalakleet has an Alaska State trooper station .
After briefly working on the independent circuit and in Extreme Championship Wrestling , Duma signed with World Wrestling Federation in 1999 .
Mandaeism , as the religion of the Mandaean people , is based more on a common heritage than on any set of religious gospel and philosophy .
`` dry '' is a song written by Alanis Morissette and Glen Ballard , and produced by Ballard , for Morissette 's third album Jagged Little Pill -LRB- 1995 -RRB- .
As a result of the 2009 WWE Draft in April , WWE Champion Triple H was draft to the Raw brand , while the World giant Championship moved to the Raw brand after Edge lost the title to John Cena at WrestleMania 25 .
Once this process was completed , the power of the resistance necklace was over .
A large set of flush gates used to control downstream flood of the River Great Ouse is located near the bridge .
Excel forms part of Microsoft Office .
Bonao is the capital of MonseÃ or Nouel province , Dominican Republic . It is located in the center of the country , to the northwest of the national capital Santo Domingo .
During his tenure he run for the creation of the United States Department of Agriculture under the administration of President Grover Cleveland , of which he served as its first Secretary for the remainder of Clevelandâ s term .
Chandpur is the meeting of two of the mighty rivers of Bangladesh . . the Padma River -LRB- the main branch of the gang River -RRB- and the Meghna River , which meet near Chandpur Town .
John Paul I died after only 33 days as Pope , thereby fall another conclave .
JeffrÃ n Isaac SuÃ rez BermÃ dez -LRB- born 20 January 1988 in Ciudad BolÃ var , Venezuela -RRB- , or simply JeffrÃ n , is a established Spanish footballer .
All music and sound used in the series was done by Jeremy Zuckerman and Benjamin Wynn , who formed The Track Team .
He is also known for his commitment to a creed of critical thinking that challenged all normative Assumption : `` ask the next question . ''
This led Mexico to declare war on the Axis nations and enter the conflict .
Its purpose is to ensure that all ln-template looks the same .
When DaimlerChrysler briefly controlled Chrysler and Mitsubishi , the Lancer name was given to Mitsubishi for usage in North America .
Phish 's music go elements of a wide variety of genre , including rock , jazz , progressive rock , psychedelic rock , hard rock , shrink , folk , bluegrass , reggae , country , blues , avant garde , barbershop 4 and classical .
Rangel 's funeral , which was held at Maputo City Hall on June 15 , 2009 , was attended by several high-up , including Prime Minister Luisa Diogo .
call that the confederate would march on Gettysburg from the west on the morning of July 1 , Buford laid out his Defense on three ridge west of the town : Herr Ridge , McPherson Ridge , and Seminary Ridge .
Consider this example : Sarah says , `` Out of every 10 apple I gather , 1 is shitty . '' .
Michelangelo 's father sent him to study grammar with the human-centered Francesco da Urbino in Florence as a young boy .
The Britannica has been issued in 15 version , with multi-volume add-on to the 3rd and 5th version -LRB- see the Table below -RRB- .
The kora is a 21-string bridge-harp used extensively by people in West Africa .
The Ordovician -LRB- pronounced -RRB- is a geological period and system , the second of six of the Paleozoic Era , and covers the time between 488.3 Â 1.7 to 443.7 Â 1.5 million years ago .
Specifically , it is any loose rock that is larger than 2 mm -LRB- 0.079 in -RRB- in its smallest dimension -LRB- about 1\/12 of an inch -RRB- and no more than 64 m. The next smaller size class in geology is sand , which is -RRB- 0.0625 t in size .
The Peace of MÃ 1\/4 nster was a treaty between the Dutch Republic and Spain signed in 1648 .
It is a principal city of the Auburn-Opelika Metropolitan Area .
A scope or strong binoculars will resolve Neptune as a small blue disk , similar in appearance to Uranus .
-LRB- n -RRB- \* -RRB- \/ gim , ' $ 1 ' -RRB- ; \/ \/ BR tag followed by at least two newlines str = str .
Fuel oil is a divide obtained from oil distillation , either as a distillation or a rest .
An abnormally high failure rate in Firestone 's wild AT , Firestone ATX , and ATX II tires resulted in multiple case , as well as an eventual mandatory recall .
The tribe is spread throughout Circle Bakote , Poonch District , Bagh , Kashmir , and the Murree Hills area .
They have released material for bands such as his own , NOFX , Good elimination , descendant , Me First and the Gimme Gimmes , The Loved Ones , Propagandhi , Rise Against , Lagwagon , draw Out , No Use for a Name , Less Than Jake , Against Me !
Chick Granning of Tech was playing coverage and relaxed after the signal for the fair catch .
The song was released in June 2000 as the second single off jump , following `` shake '' , and the lead single in the United States .
In 1841 Braidwood Farm had 141 residents .
His habilitation work was entitled , ' -LRB- published in English translation in 1989 as The Structural Transformation of the Public area : an Inquiry into a Category of conservative Society -RRB- .
Finnish state is the biggest owner in the company .
Aloysius Paulus Maria `` Louis '' van Gaal -LRB- ; born 8 August 1951 in Amsterdam -RRB- is a Dutch football manager currently in charge of the German club Bayern Munich . Before his career as coach van Gaal played as a midfielder for Royal Antwerp and several clubs in the Dutch Eredivisie .
In physics , classical mechanics is one of the two major sub-fields of mechanics , which is concerned with the set of physical laws describing the motion of bodies under the action of a system of forces .
Following his conquest of most of Western Europe , the first nap made his elder brother Joseph -LRB- 1768 â `` 1844 -RRB- king first of Naples -LRB- 1806 â `` 1808 -RRB- and then of Spain -LRB- 1808 â `` 1813 -RRB- , his third brother Louis -LRB- 1778 â `` 1846 -RRB- king of Holland -LRB- 1806 â `` 1810 -RRB- -LRB- subsequently forcing his abdication after his failure to low-level Dutch interests to those of France -RRB- and his youngest brother JÃ rÃ me Napoleon -LRB- 1784 â `` 1860 -RRB- king of Westphalia , the short-lived realm created from some of the states of northwest Germany -LRB- 1807 â `` 1813 -RRB- .
Zedoary is also used in some traditional eastern music , where it is esteem to be an aid to digestion , a relief for colic and an agent for purge the blood .
Mysterio then attempted to perform a springboard hurricanrana on Orton , who moved out of the way , causing Mysterio to do the move on Angle .
Schuyler Colfax , Jr. -LRB- ; March 23 , 1823 -- January 13 , 1885 -RRB- was a United States Representative from Indiana -LRB- 1855-1869 -RRB- , Speaker of the House of Representatives -LRB- 1863-1869 -RRB- , and the 17th Vice President of the United States -LRB- 1869-1873 -RRB- .
Anyone who wishes to officially participate in `` releasing '' books , whether leaving it in a public place or passing it on to a friend , must register on the BookCrossing.com website , although there is the option to remain anonymous when `` catching '' or recording the find of a book .
Sir Walter Winterbottom CBE -LRB- 31 January 1913 â `` 16 February 2002 -RRB- was the first manager of the England football team , serving from 1946 until 1962 .
As this sequence is limitless , 1 is not an element of the Mandelbrot set .
Andrew was the first named storm and only major hurricane of the otherwise still 1992 Atlantic hurricane season .
It was reputedly the capital of the Kingdom of Wessex from 871 to 901 AD , although this is not supported by modern research .
Cora gives them a flower to track the half-blood .
900 North Michigan in Chicago is a skyscraper completed in 1989 .
It was designed to compete with a similar Big Boy sandwich .
If you believe the information that you added was correct , please name the references or sources or before making the changes , discuss them on the article 's talk page .
Decaffeination is the act of removing caffeine from coffee beans , chocolate , tea leaves and other caffeine-containing materials .
The second single peak at number 54 on the U.S. R&B chart .
Baneins is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
UNDP is an executive board within the United Nations General Assembly .
The X-37 's flowing design was derived from the Space bird , hence the X-37 has a similar lift-to-drag ratio , and a lower cross range at high EL and Mach numbers than DARPA 's Hypersonic Technology Vehicle .
Adam Joseph Copeland -LRB- born October 30 , 1973 -RRB- is a Canadian professional wrestler and actor , better known by his ring name Edge .
It is now estimated that about 200 people died in a battle-like scenario in that valley about 1250 BC .
The station is in Travelcard Zone 5 and the next station south-east is Oakwood .
She later held the title of Duchess of Teck by marriage .
In 1965 Genscher was elected on the North Rhine-Westphalian FDP list to the West German parliament and remained a member of parliament until his retirement in 1998 .
However , it is found in an appendix in some Catholic Book , such as certain version of the Latin Vulgate , as well as in some general version , such as the New Revised Standard Version .
Kirby 's Dream Land 2 , known as Hoshi no Kirby 2 in Japan , is a platforming video game developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy hand-held video game console .
The tail was held above the ground during normal travel .
Adults have summer surface that are bright red with a dark dorsal bar , and dark gray winter surface .
The song reached # 11 on the Billboard Hot 100 .
While a solid defenceman in his own right , he was shadow by many of the young stars on the tanker ' roster , most notably scoring star Wayne Gretzky .
A lentil and rice dish is referred to in the Middle East as mujaddara or mejadra .
It is located in the subregion of Melanesia in the southwest Pacific .
Eastern wanted a third engine for its overwater flights to the Caribbean , since at that time twin-engined commercial flights were limited by regulations to routes with 60-minute maximum flying time to an airport -LRB- see ETOPS\/LROPS -RRB- .
Within a very short period of time , they all become grendels . Instead of a few dozen grendels , there are now thousands .
, he believes they have come to kill Tristan and , in an attempt to revenge him , furiously attacks Melot .
Recently published books include :
The area was live by the MpongwÃ tribe long before the French acquired the land in 1839 .
Four years later Simone recorded Fodder On My Wings on a French label .
The International Olympic Committee -LRB- IOC -RRB- uses three-letter abbreviation country codes to refer to each group of athletes that participate in the Olympic Games .
The challenge books are often called the Biblical apocrypha , a term that is sometimes used specifically -LRB- and possibly pejoratively in English -RRB- to describe the books in the Catholic and Orthodox canon that are missing from the Jewish Masoretic Text -LRB- also called the Tanakh or Miqra -RRB- and most modern Protestant Book . Catholic Christians , following the Canon of Trent , describe these books as deuterocanonical , meaning of `` the second canon , '' while Greek Orthodox Christians , following the Synod of Jerusalem -LRB- 1672 -RRB- , use the traditional name of anagignoskomena , meaning `` that which is to be read . ''
Rembrandt died within a year of his son , on October 4 , 1669 in Amsterdam , and was buried in an overlooked grave in the Westerkerk .
The standard appointment of the Holy Roman Emperor was `` August Emperor of the roman '' -LRB- Romanorum Imperator Augustus -RRB- . When Charles was top in 800 , his was style as `` most calm Augustus , top by God , great and pacific emperor , governing the Roman Empire , '' thus be the elements of `` Holy '' and `` Roman '' in the imperial title .
He published articles and gave talk on Esperanto and organized Esperanto language courses .
Significant and kindly or kindly impact on the art and industry of animation .
During a joint training mission with SA and 1st SFOD-D , Park caught nick Chavezâ s eye for his mix of electronics and combat expertise .
The film received lucky reviews , and was a box office success , gross $ 129 million worldwide .
The southwest branch of the headwaters of the Los Angeles River are in the Santa Monica Mountains .
Cacabelos is a village and municipality located in the region of El Bierzo -LRB- province of LeÃ n , Castile and LeÃ n , Spain -RRB- .
Atka is a village located on the east side of Atka Island , in Aleutian West Census Area , Alaska , United States .
The compilation contained Piper 's single releases as well as B-sides .
The Rage : Carrie 2 is the 1999 sequel to the 1976 horror film classic Carrie .
Eight years after the release of `` Angels '' , in February 2005 the British public voted it as the `` Best Single of the Past Twenty-Five Years '' at the 2005 BRIT Awards .
After the Mask of Life lands on Bara Magna , it creates a body for Mata Nui to use .
is a video game for the PlayStation video game console .
The legend is that one day two Hunter were chasing a wild boar .
Holger Badstuber -LRB- born 13 March 1989 in Memmingen -RRB- is a German footballer who plays as a defender for Bayern Munich in the Bundesliga and the German national football team .
It was formed from the nationalised settlement of the former Dutch East India Company that came under the administration of the Netherlands in 1800 .
He spent the remainder of his years enjoying himself and ordering some important public works , such as free into the Danube the extra waters of Lake Pelso , and the cutting down the huge forests that cover it .
Castration is commonly performed on domestic animals not intended for breeding .
The English-born Vernon had already established himself as a dancer in comedic roles .
However , long term , it might be more efficient if the cut + delete really disappeared from the article storage at some point .
Amy Irving present the adult Anna Anderson .
A chord progress -LRB- or sympathetic progress -RRB- is a series of musical chord , or chord changes that `` aims for a definite goal '' of establishing -LRB- or oppose -RRB- a key founded on a key , root or pop chord . chord and chord theory are generally known as harmony .
Ceratopsians , such as Pachyrhinosaurus , Styracosaurus , Centrosaurus Monoclonius , Brachyceratops , Pentaceratops , and Leptoceratops also existed .
Fly to the Sky was a South Korean R&B duo , consisting of Korean American Brian Joo and South Korean native Hwanhee .
The Goddard decided not to take Norma Jeane with them -LRB- the reasoning why was never made clear -RRB- ; thus Grace needed to find a home for her before they moved .
His best day at the plate was on June 17 , when he hit two home runs and two double .
Neneh Mariann Karlsson -LRB- born 10 March 1964 -RRB- , known as Neneh Cherry is a Swedish singer-songwriter and rapper of mixed Black African-European line .
He was awarded the Pulitzer Prize twice and the National Book Award once .
Once the causes of variation have been measure , effort is spent in pass those causes that are both statistically and practically significant -LRB- i.e. a cause that has only a small but statistically significant effect may not be considered cost-effective to fix ; however , a cause that is not statistically significant can never be considered practically significant -RRB- .
Being grateful , the French king spread around the information about the food which had aged him .
Hamilton , who had been in sixth place behind Massa , dropped down to last place but managed to find some places and managed to finish the race in 12th position .
Against the fashion of the time , Buchanan stressed the importance of playing without vibrato ; he was reported to have slap Davis ' knuckles every time he started using heavy vibrato .
Deianeira tells Iolaus that since Hercules gave up his adventures he has become depressed .
The first two lines of the song are : `` The homeland see , the homeland knows\/Where her son flies in the sky '' .
The Meteorological Service of the Azores issued hurricane warning for all of the islands .
IsmaÃ lia is a city in north-east Egypt , on the west bank of the Suez Canal , and is the capital of the Ismailia Governorate .
Marseille 's home ground is the 60,031-person-capacity Stade VÃ lodrome located in the southern part of the city , where they have played since 1937 . The Stade VÃ lodrome is famous for its live atmosphere .
They add a subtle , but essential , smell to the dish .
It is the third most important airport of Brazil , in terms of passengers and aircraft movements .
Cell populations go through a particular type of exponential growth called double .
SebastiÃ n Riep -LRB- born 20 February 1976 -RRB- is a former Argentine football player .
This is the same list used for the 1980 season .
The moon is also designated Uranus 26 .
Cupid Prohibido -LRB- English : out Love -RRB- is an album by Latin star Selena .
He is best-known for the Left Behind series of apocalyptic fiction , which he co-wrote with Jerry B. Jenkins .
At night they look for food , mainly eating larger insects like hopper and beetle , snail , eggs , young child , small mice , and spider , as well as Berry , fruit , and nuts like acorn and beechnut .
He is a former Ohio Valley Wrestling giant Champion .
Lawrence 's Goldfinch , Carduelis lawrencei , is a small songbird of wandering distribution that cover in California and Baja California and winter in the southwest United States and northern Mexico .
There is a Kiribati Teacher College and a University of the South Pacific campus on South Makin .
His best-known works include The Defense of Guinevere and Other Poems -LRB- 1858 -RRB- , The Earthly Paradise -LRB- 1868 â `` 1870 -RRB- , A Dream of John Ball -LRB- 1888 -RRB- and the utopian News from Nowhere -LRB- 1890 -RRB- .
During the winter , Greenwich Mean Time -LRB- UTC +0 -RRB- is used .
The company takes its name from Nike -LRB- Greek Î Î Î Î pronounced -RRB- , the Greek goddess of victory .
The direction and duration of shake runs are closely correlated with the direction and distance of the patch of flowers being push by the dancing bee .
It is named in honor of the late William M. Jennings , who was a longtime governor and president of the New York Rangers and a builder of ice hockey in the United States .
Zinc nitrate zinc -LRB- NO3 -RRB- 2 is a chemical compound used as a black in dye .
Cowboy bop Remix was itself collected as the Cowboy bop Remix DVD Collection in 2008 . One of the most notable elements of Cowboy bop is its music .
The Internet Broadway Database -LRB- IBDB -RRB- is an online database of Broadway theater production and their personnel .
Martigny is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Alonso kick on the radio to his team which led to the keeper investigating the incident and punish Hamilton with a drive through penalty .
Olimpia Kutusoff , mate of Cafiero , returned from Russia in September 1883 to assist him in the institution of Imola .
BrÃ moy is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
Corey Apar of Allmusic , in giving the album 4 out of 5 stars , said of it , `` the band 's inner sand is aptly drawn out amid all the pit-ready chorus and fist-in-the-air , touch lyrics . ''
Adiel de Oliveira Amorim , or simply Adiel -LRB- born 13 August 1980 -RRB- , is a Brazilian midfielder .
A Volksschule was an 18th century system of state-supported primary schools established in the Habsburg Austrian Empire -LRB- in 1840 -RRB- and Prussia -LRB- in 1717 -RRB- .
The main segment that Strong Bad is a part of is `` Strong Bad Email '' , in which he answers emails sent to him by fans .
Although Khowar is the dominant language of Chitral , more than ten other languages are spoken here .
Jun Yanagisawa is a Japanese footballer who plays for Sagan Tosu .
Dieter Burdenski -LRB- born 26 November 1950 in Bremen , Germany -RRB- is a former German football player .
Early in March 2006 , Hino Motors , a Toyota Motor Co. subsidiary , announced that it will be the first Japanese truck manufacturer to build its vehicles in Canada with a new Woodstock plant slate to begin production in April 2006 , in the former General sit plant in the Pattullo Ridge Business Park near Highway 401 and Highway 59 .
Because it is formed at mid-ocean ridge and open outward , its thickness is therefore a function of its distance from the mid-ocean ridge where it was formed .
Support to the extensive tourism area along the land of nearby Lake Huron also supports several businesses .
The journey is almost at its end , Tristan drinks and Isolde takes half the potion for herself .
In this classification system , five basic jump forms are distinguished :
They are listed in Article VI of the Thirty-Nine Articles of the Church of England .
Rainer Bonhof -LRB- born 29 March 1952 in Emmerich am Rhine , North Rhine-Westphalia -RRB- is a former German footballer .
The organization played a significant role in the saving of Congo 's mountain gorilla in Virunga National Park in January 2007 after a rebel grow threatened to eliminate the highly vulnerable population .
The name is dervived from Greek : sarx = flesh and kystis = bladder .
The 7 Day give challenge aims to take the focus away from you on to others .
Newport Pagnell is a town in the Borough of Milton Keynes -LRB- ceremony Buckinghamshire -RRB- , England .
Charles Ranhofer -LRB- November 7 , 1836 , Saint-Denis , France â '' October 9 , 1899 , New York -RRB- was the chef at the famous Delmonico 's Restaurant in New York from 1862 to 1876 and 1879 to 1896 .
When Buick designed a 90 Â V6 based on their 90 Â V8 , they initially used a simple three-throw crankshaft laid out in the same manner as the V8 with pairs of connecting pole sharing the same crankpin , which resulted in firing separation jump between 90 Â and 150 Â .
Student Cabinet is in charge of numerous schedule including dance , some fundraiser , school spirit and community involvement .
In October 2007 , Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed Senate Bill 771 .
William John `` attraction '' Fairbairn -LRB- born January 7 , 1947 -RRB- was a right wing in the National Hockey League with the New York Rangers , Minnesota North Stars and St. Louis Blues .
Towards the end of 1997 , each member chose a number as his alias .
It is located at 35 Â 43 ' 0N 75 Â 31 ' 0E ' and has an EL of 2440 metres -LRB- 8008 feet -RRB- .
The alveolates -LRB- `` with pit '' -RRB- are a major line of protists .
\/ \/ Replace redirect to about with about str = str .
Musical instrument maker Yamaha has begun replacing bob not used for seal -LRB- such as seal the join of a clarinet or oboe -RRB- with neoprene .
TanniÃ re is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
normal -LRB- in fandom , cut as `` learn '' -RRB- , are held in cities around the world , provide to a local , regional , national , or international membership .
Although not designed to drain water and therefore technically not gargoyle , the grotesque on modern structures are still considered by most people to be gargoyle .
LÃ 1\/4 nen or Luenen is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
The game was developed and published by Nintendo , and was released in 1984 in Japan .
MÃ rida is at an EL of approximately 1,600 meters -LRB- 5,249 ft -RRB- .
The value of fully engaged networks is relative to the power of the number of subscribers , assuming that pass groups of any two termination , up to and including all the termination , is guess by Reed 's Law .
The Stade Municipale and the Stade Charles de Gaulle are the largest football stadium in the city .
They escaped several days later in a gun battle but Pottinger recovered the stolen gold taken by the prisoners .
When an electron clash with a positron , both particles may either spread off each other or be totally eliminate , producing a pair -LRB- or more -RRB- of gamma ray photon .
hunger break people to others ; romantic attraction further people to focus their energy on couple ; and bond involves support the partner -LRB- or indeed the child -RRB- long enough to rear a child into infancy .
Central dock is one of three dock in the town of Blackpool , England .
Acid throwing -LRB- acid attack or vitriolage -RRB- is a form of violent assault .
Before joining the NHL , Morenz excel in the junior Ontario Hockey Association , where his team played for the Memorial Cup , the championship for junior ice hockey in Canada .
The club was founded in 1870 , playing under the Rugby Football Union until 1895 , when they were one of the original twenty-two rugby clubs that formed the Rugby Football League , making them one of the world 's first rugby league teams .
He assumed the post in September 2002 , 60 years after making his debut with the Orchestra at the age of twelve at Lewisohn Stadium .
It even top Music Bank for a consecutive 6 weeks .
In 1839 and 1840 , the architect and archaeologist Luigi Canina -LRB- 1795 â `` 1856 -RRB- was engaged by the royal family and dig the Theatre area of Tusculum .
Most production and journalism courses contain media studies content , but academic institutions often establish separate departments .
The first woman , RenÃ e-Marguerite Cramer , was co-opted in 1918 .
The electronic engine management system is supplied by Motorola , firing a CDI lighting system .
The term Janeite was originally strike by the literary student George Saintsbury in his 1894 introduction to a new edition of Pride and bias .
The etymology of the word used in the Urdu language for the most part decides how civil or down your speech is .
Mainstream scholars of the Holocaust consider the idea that the Nazi manufactured soap on an industrial scale to be part of World War II folklore .
For the town in Germany , see MÃ 1\/4 hlau , Germany .
The 737-300 was launched in 1981 by both USAir and Southwest Airlines becoming the first model of the 737 Classic series .
Genesee is a city in Latah County , ID , United States .
Nicotine while is a percutaneous patch for the administration of nicotine . Nicotine gum , nicotine spray , nicotine sublingual tablet , and nicotine tablet lot nicotine orally .
For the above case two of the distance are equal so the system is symmetrical with respect to a 90 Â rotation .
In 2001 Tallari began his career playing for Niagara University where he was team 's senior captain .
Life as We Know It is a 2010 comedy-drama film directed by Greg Berlanti , starring Katherine Heigl and Josh Duhamel .
While there , he appeared in several plays , including Macbeth , The two-a-penny Opera and Henry V , in which he played the title role .
In 1998 , South Korea built a new Freedom House for its Red Cross staff and to possibly host reunion of families separated by the Korean War .
cheat is a two-player board game played on a chessboard , a square-checkered board with 64 square arranged in an eight-by-eight grid .
In Canada , `` yogurt '' is most common among English speakers , but many brands use `` yogourt , '' since it is an acceptable spelling in both official languages .
In 1991 IBMA established the International Bluegrass Music Hall of Honor at the International Bluegrass Music Museum to recognize lifetime contributions to bluegrass , both by performers and non-performers .
Thus , a calculated value of `` 1234.5 '' will appear as '' '' , not the expected `` 1,234.50 '' , making it better suited for integer prices unless the value is known and you can add the missing nothing by hand :
Following German complaints that fix payments under the Dawes Plan were too high , the Young Plan of 1928 , under which the Germans were to pay annuity of various amounts , but none to be higher than two and a quarter billion until 1988 .
Lager Borkum was used for German technician and volunteers from different countries of Europe .
Approximately 430 species of birds live among the trees .
A spike is a wooden ear -LRB- known as the shot -RRB- used for spin wool , flax , cannabis , cotton , and other character into thread . It is commonly weight at either the bottom -LRB- sometimes called a drop spike -RRB- middle or top , most commonly by a bill or global object called a roll , and may also have a hook , channel or pass , though spike without these are also common .
Proisy is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
A sixth ` virtual ' branch - IWA Women - has been formed to raise the profile of women 's concerns in Wales and to increase the engagement of women with the IWA and civic society in Wales more generally .
It in 1961 played a role in the establishment of the Alliance of the Orders of St. John of Jerusalem , and thereafter finally received through a compact in 1963 indirect recognition by the Order of Malta .
Cleghorn is a city in Cherokee County , Iowa , United States .
GiurgiÅ # a is a communicate in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 3,169 people .
Bilten is a former municipality in the quarter of Glarus in Switzerland .
grip motors are used in electrically powered rail vehicles such as electric multiple units and electric engine , other electric vehicles such as electric milk blow , lift and conveyor as well as vehicles with electrical transmission systems such as diesel-electric , electric hybrid vehicles and battery electric vehicles .
Y % '' as follows :
Another exception is the 724 , which although run by a coach company , it is a bus route .
The Black Sea is an inland sea spring by Europe , Anatolia and the Caucasus and is ultimately connected to the Atlantic Ocean via the Mediterranean and Aegean sea and various head .
Anna Seghers -LRB- November 19 , 1900 â `` June 1 , 1983 -RRB- was a German writer famous for show the moral experience of the Second World War .
The town is perhaps best known for the Chincoteague pony , although these are not actually on the island of Chincoteague but on nearby Assateague Island .
Ryota Aoki is a Japanese footballer .
Existing users of the 2006 , 2007 , 2008 or 2009 versions can upgrade to the latest version of the Norton software without buying a new subscription .
Wanting a university in his lands , for example for school civil servants and minister , Frederick founded the University of Wittenberg in 1502 .
Kot Choudrain is a village and union council , an administrative section , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal Tehsil .
On his part , Salisbury saw the conference as a promising opportunity for function out a comprehensive deal with Russia over their conflict territorial dream in Central Asia .
Chantal generated well of 30 -- 40 ft -LRB- 9 -- 12 m -RRB- offshore .
section of inorganic chemistry are organometallic chemistry , bunch chemistry and bioinorganic chemistry .
The specification was subsequently modified and developed in various committee and published by other reports in 1973 and 1978 .
Eisenstein married filmmaker and writer Pera Atasheva -LRB- 1900 â `` 65 -RRB- in 1934 and remained married until his death in 1948 , though there is some guess about his sex .
Stacyville is a city in Mitchell County , Iowa , United States .
The palace economy of the Aegean and Anatolia which qualify the Late Bronze Age were replaced , after a suspension , by the isolated village cultures of the Ancient Dark Age .
Hugo 's Rationalism can be found in poems such as Torquemada -LRB- 1869 , about religious fanaticism -RRB- , The Pope -LRB- 1878 , anti-clerical -RRB- , faith and Religion -LRB- 1880 , refuse the utility of churches -RRB- and , published posthumously , The End of Devil and God -LRB- 1886 and 1891 respectively , in which he represents Christianity as a griffin and Rationalism as an angel -RRB- .
Lady 's slider orchid , lady slider orchid or slider orchid are the orchid in the subfamily Cypripedioidea , which includes the genus Cypripedium , Mexipedium , Paphiopedilum , Phragmipedium and Selenipedium .
The Mayor of London elections were won by the same Ken Livingstone , who began his victory speech with the words : `` As I was saying before I was so rudely off-and-on 14 years ago ... '' .
Death Angel was formed in the San Francisco Bay Area , California , in 1982 by cousin Rob Cavestany -LRB- lead guitar -RRB- , Dennis Pepa -LRB- song , bass -RRB- , Gus Pepa -LRB- rhythm guitar -RRB- , and Andy Galeon -LRB- beat -RRB- .
At the end of the season , all of the club 's staff were made extra and the club were initially break to the Third Division due to their inability to guarantee fulfillment of their coming regular .
The Norfolk and Long Island Hurricane was a deadly hurricane that rapidly moved up the Atlantic coast during the first few days of September .
As a separate genre , it appears to have no specific form , although most of the serenade of the second half of the 18th century go either back to a dance suite approach -LRB- derived from the ` ballet ' type of representation serenade -RRB- , or take the form of other chamber music genre of their century -LRB- as a sequel of the merely instrumental representation serenade -RRB- . There are many other terms which describe music similar to the serenade , including serenade , cassation , nocturne , Nachtmusik ; after about 1780 , the serenade was the term most commonly applied to this light , `` after-dinner '' and often outdoor music .
Nathan Rees MP -LRB- born 12 February 1968 -RRB- , an Australian politician , was the 41st Premier of New South Wales and parliamentary leader of the New South Wales division of the Australian Labor Party from September 2008 to December 2009 , and is the current member for the Electoral district of Toongabbie since 2007 .
Shaun of the Dead is a 2004 British romantic zombie comedy directed by Edgar Wright , starring Simon Pegg and Nick ice , and written by Pegg and Wright .
The indirect way of development is known to end in an extended oceanic plankotrophic tornaria larval stage , which means that this hemichordate exists in a larval stage that give on plankton before turning into an adult twist .
These community level organizations , in collaborative partnership with CHIP , are working on several development projects .
In the United States , bladder cancer is the fourth most common type of cancer in men and the ninth most common cancer in women . More than 50,000 men and 16,000 women are diagnosed with bladder cancer each year .
Its county seat is Newark .
The city has 2 centres , at The Circus , which is gear towards tourism purposes , and the Independence Square , which contains the cathedral , courthouse and most of the older buildings .
Both Louisiana and Texas emergency operation centers monitor the progress of the storm , though did not do any preparation action .
The Britannica generally choose British spelling over American ; for example , it uses color -LRB- not color -RRB- , center -LRB- not center -RRB- , and encyclopedia -LRB- not encyclopedia -RRB- .
Later , he found that he did not have enough time to fill both positions and resigned from the Royal symphony Orchestra .
became one of the first game shows to air in high-definition .
A second encounter , on 23 October , finished off Brutus 's forces , and he committed suicide in turn , leaving the triumvirate in control of the Roman Republic .
Poet Walt Whitman also considered Longfellow an ape of European forms , though he praised his ability to reach a popular audience as `` the expressor of common themes â `` of the little songs of the people '' .
He was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
If D-sharp minor must absolutely be used , one should take care that B-flat wind instruments be notated in F minor , rather than E-sharp minor .
Werner Arber -LRB- born 3 June 1929 -RRB- is a Swiss microbiologist and geneticist .
The opera was first performed at La Fenice in Venice on February 3 , 1823 .
Fitzgerald recorded several hit songs with them , including `` Love and kiss '' and '' -LRB- If You Ca n't Sing It -RRB- You 'll Have to Swing It -LRB- Mr. Paganini -RRB- '' .
In fact , later in 1958 , the same year he won the National Pocket Billiards Championship against Lassiter , he bluntly defeated Mosconi in a two-day exhibition match in his home town of Albuquerque , with a final score of 500 to 397 .
He would draw on his war experiences for his great trilogy of novels , Les Chemins de la LibertÃ -LRB- The Roads to Freedom -RRB- -LRB- 1945 -- 1949 -RRB- .
The city of Southgate is named for the family of Richard Southgate .
See also : Blank Infobox guide Page support Page Discussion Page Examples Page This page shows some blank versions to use when adding the guide to an article .
Nicholai Olivia `` Nicky '' Hilton -LRB- born October 5 , 1983 -RRB- is an American fashion model , socialite , celebutante , and fashion designer .
The National Hurricane Center raise the system to Tropical Depression Two in the morning hours of July 3 after the system was able to maintain convection over its center for at least 12 hours .
Rarely are members of the other two classes pathogenic to humans .
About four weeks later , on April 17 , he launched the website , which has expanded and grown throughout the world .
At the time of the Act , one third of the population of England were living in Greater London and the metropolitan counties .
He died pinched and insane from shot in Caen in 1840 .
The term guru comes from the Sanskrit gurÅ `` , meaning teacher , guide , or mentor .
Boreanaz 's only starring role in a major representation film was in 2001 's slasher horror film , Valentine , alongside Denise Richards and Katherine Heigl .
He is also the father of paleoanthropologist Richard Leakey and the botanist Colin Leakey .
The pioneer organization is often named after a famous party member that is considered a suitable role model for young communist .
The Loop Current and its twist may be detected by measuring sea surface level .
The songs on the album featured a heavy metal sound with some songs featuring unusual or irregular time touch .
This period saw the War of the Seventh Coalition , and includes the Waterloo Campaign and the Neapolitan War .
She won two NZ Music Awards ; ` Best Female Solo Artist ' and 42 Below ` Best Selling Album in New Zealand ' .
Hermaville is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Sains-en-Gohelle is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It is located in the eponymous arrondissement , the LÃ ogÃ cents ne Arrondissement .
At Ulong , James became suspicious of Jeff and Kim 's undeniable intimacy and saw it as distraction , especially when Ulong needed to win resistance .
Light from certain types of laser has the smallest possible beam difference , thus producing the most parallel light air possible .
An flexible modulus , or modulus of snap , is the mathematical description of an object or substance 's trend to be turn elastically -LRB- i.e. , non-permanently -RRB- when a force is applied to it .
Near Carinda between the Macquarie River and Marra Creek the oldest evidence of bread making in the world -LRB- approximately 30,000 years old -RRB- was found at an ancient lake known as Cuddie Springs .
The final episode of a television series often close the entire introduce of the show .
In describing the alliance of the wood in the tree a distinction may be made .
The product key used to trip a copy of Norton Internet Security ties in with an alphanumeric code based on a computer 's hardware form .
Xue was also involved in the Battle of Wuhan , control the 1st Army Corps .
According to one story the villagers placed helmet on top of the khachkars and run brand against them .
However , he start the construction of two new aqueduct in Rome : the Aqua Claudia and the Anio Novus .
In Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome , children played with bird made of full or terracotta , sticks , bow and arrow , and yo-yos .
In 1901 The Marton loop was opened , connecting Talbot Square and Central Station along Church Street , Devon Square , Whitegate Drive , Waterloo Road and Central Drive .
It is thought that only one hemisphere of the giant 's brain rest at a time , so they rest but are never completely asleep .
Officially confirmed as Uranus 17 , it was named after Sycorax , Caliban 's mother in William Shakespeare 's play The storm .
In sympatric speciation , species vary while live the same place .
He was selected third overall by Colorado in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft .
Satoshi Taira -LRB- born July 16 , 1970 -RRB- is a former Japanese footballer .
The exact percentage of the total of web pages that Google power is not known , as it is very hard to actually look .
In the north , the Lake Superior Lowland take a belt of land along Lake Superior .
brand in 2003 and in 2004 was made exclusive to the Raw brand .
Its campaign director is Carol Barbone .
The reign of Emperor Kimmei -LRB- 509 ?
Paulo CÃ sar Fonseca do Nascimento -LRB- born 13 January 1978 -RRB- , aka Tinga , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Sport Club Internacional as a central midfielder .
Although the resort was initially dependent upon railroad and electric tram service , the completion of Virginia Beach avenue in 1922 , which extended from Norfolk to the oceanfront , opened the way for car , buses , trucks , and passenger rail service , the latter of which was eventually stop .
The agent have the body 's immune system to recognize the agent as foreign , destroy it , and `` remember '' it , so that the immune system can more easily recognize and destroy any of these micro-organism that it later encounters .
The title is now Lord of Mann regardless of gender .
These styles were number by Sun Lutang as TÃ ijÃ quÃ n , XÃ ngyÃ quÃ n and BÄ guÃ zhÇ ng , but most also include BÄ jÃ quÃ n and the legendary Wudang Sword .
By international agreement , it is defined as on the K scale and as â ' 273.15 Â C on the Celsius scale . This match to â ' 459.67 Â F on the Fahrenheit scale .
Local law enforcement is conducted by the Nassau County Sheriff 's Office .
Smith became a star on the black T.O.B.A. circuit and rose to become its top attraction in the 1920s .
Unlike the Olympic Games , the youth athletes taking part in the YOG were expected to stay in the host city throughout the Games to take part in an integrated sport and culture and education program -LRB- CEP -RRB- .
At noon on July 16 , a tropical depression formed , and within 12 hours it tone into a tropical storm .
This requires heavily isolate hit , which are expensive and ineffective ; whereas electricity can be air along a relatively simple wire , and over much longer space for the same energy loss .
Founded in 1994 by guitarist Michael Romeo , their albums The Divine Wings of Tragedy and V : The New Mythology Suite have given the band considerable attention within the progressive metal community .
Smith 's own plant collection is also held by the Society .
Mac OS X is based upon the Mach heart . Certain parts from FreeBSD 's and NetBSD 's implementation of Unix were incorporated in NeXTSTEP , the core of Mac OS X. NeXTSTEP was the object-oriented operating system developed by Steve Jobs ' company NeXT after he left Apple in 1985 .
Goce Sedloski -LRB- ; born 10 April 1974 -RRB- is a Macedonian footballer who plays as a defender for Austrian side SV Mattersburg , after joining them in 2006 .
The critics of the outside world praised them , but at home , Eisenstein 's focus in these films on structural issues such as camera weight , crowd movements , and collage brought him and like-minded others , such as Vsevolod Pudovkin and Alexander Dovzhenko , under fire from the Soviet film community , forcing him to issue public articles of self-criticism and commitment to reform his cinematic vision to adjust to the increasingly specific philosophy of socialist reality .
He became leader of the Liberal Party of Canada in 1990 , and led the party to a majority government in the 1993 federal election .
For the ball sport played in the Commonwealth previously known as `` women 's basketball '' , see netball Women 's basketball is one of the few women 's sports that developed in bicycle-built-for-two with its men 's twin .
Mirko HrgoviÄ -LRB- born February 5 , 1979 , Sinj , Croatia -RRB- is a Croatia-born Bosnian football player , currently playing for AO Kavala . HrgoviÄ , who is an ethnic Croatian , decided to play for Bosnia and Herzegovina after his games went unnoticed in Croatia .
1995 also saw Petronas become Sauber 's presenting sponsor .
Some folktales like Shirin and Farhad are told in Pakistan , Iran , Afghanistan , Turkey , and almost all nations of Central Asia and Middle East , with all having claimed the folklore to have start in their land .
The airport is part of the National airport System , and is operated by St. John 's International Airport Authority Inc.
The colophon evidence to the existence of the Mandaeans during the late Arsacid period at the very latest , a fact support by the HarrÄ n GÄ wetÄ legend , according to which the Mandaeans left Judea after the destruction of Jerusalem in the 1st c. AD , and settled within the Arsacid empire .
Total Request Live -LRB- commonly known as TRL -RRB- is a television series on MTV that featured popular music videos .
They typically hold a more public profile and are paid more than other coaches .
The majority of Earth 's atmosphere -LRB- approximately 78 % -RRB- is N , making it the largest pool of N .
However , he remained a royalist at heart .
The west part and the most industrial region of the quarter is called Chablais .
He started first grade at the age of five in a local private school because he was too young to enter first grade in the public system .
Assuming a similar density to the primary , this would give it an near mass of ~ 1.5 kg .
The story is similar to Charles devil ' `` A Christmas Carol '' , with the cartoon characters showing Michael the drugs in his past , present and future life , and showing what they have done and what they will do unless he stops taking them .
The heavy snow continued all day , and it developed in New York City by the evening .
Electra welcome the idea of going to Argos with Idamante .
The Holy See , not the Vatican City , keep diplomatic relations with states .
Wildwood is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
Finally , in 1881 parts of Granville County , Franklin County , and Warren County were combined to form Vance County .
Throughout the 1950s and 1960s , the term semi-tropical and quasi-tropical were used for what would become known as subtropical cyclone .
She was the World No. 1 player in the women 's game during 1991 and 1992 , but in 1993 she was forced out of the sport for more than two years following an on-court attack in which a man knife her in the back with a 9-inch-long knife .
Cleveland police officer Walter Emerick , who took the picture using his cell phone camera , was suspended from duty for eight days for his responsibility in sending the photo to other people , eventually leading to its being leaked on the Internet .
Lyrically , they also change hard-core into intensely personal land and , in doing so , are generally considered the first emo band .
The property was transferred to the State of Florida in 1947 , and opened as a state park in 1950 .
Hypertension -LRB- HTN -RRB- or high blood pressure is a cardiac chronic medical condition in which the systemic arterial blood pressure is elevated .
The Gwadar sub-division be two tehsils , named Gwadar and Jiwani , and one sub-tehsil named Suntsar whereas Pasni sub-division is divided into Pasni and Ormara tehsils .
There are 9,000 speakers of Gawar-Bati , but only 1,500 are in Pakistan .
Prior to the 2008-09 season opener , the Blackhawks named Toews , at 20 years and 79 days , as the new captain , next the traded Lapointe and making him the third-youngest captain at the time of appointment .
Fresnes-en-Tardenois is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Rome would reveal to the young artist its divine pomp , ritual , and majesty .
The name refers to the Scriblerus Club , a satirical group whose members included Alexander Pope , Jonathan Swift , John Gay , and John Arbuthnot .
The federal government moved in 1959 from Karachi to Rawalpindi -LRB- provisional capital until Islamabad was finished -RRB- , whilst the federal legislature moved to Dhaka .
After part with D-Von , he signed with Raw and was renamed to Dave Batista -LRB- or simply Batista -RRB- .
Stonehaven was the cradle of Robert William Thomson , inventor of the pneumatic tire and the spring pen , of journalist James Murdoch and Lord Reith of Stonehaven , first Director-General of the BBC .
The languages of the Caucasus are a large and extremely varied array of languages spoken by more than ten million people in and around the Caucasus Mountains , which lie between the Black Sea and the Caspian Sea .
However , all he ends up doing is destroying his kitchen and break the Hoverama .
The main points were : the champion must be prepared to defend his title once a year ; the match should be won by the first player to win six or eight games , whichever the champion preferred ; and the stake should be at least Â # 1,000 -LRB- worth about Â # 347,000 or $ 700,000 in 2006 terms -RRB- .
Studies have shown that ear bones in mammal embryo are attached to the dentary , which is part of the visit .
There are many other cannon billiards games , predominantly go-between or branch games mix elements of those already listed , such as the champion 's game , an go-between game between straight rail and baulk-line , as well as games which are cross of cannon billiards and pocket billiards , such as English billiards played on a snooker table and its descendant games , American four-ball billiards , and cowboy pool .
Cash is another good that may be box together with contracts and\/or draft picks to complete a trade .
Speaker for the Dead -LRB- 1986 -RRB- is a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card and an indirect sequel to the novel Ender 's Game .
Super Smash Bros. is the first game in the Super Smash Bros. series , and was followed by Super Smash Bros. .
Philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein first applied the term to redundancy of propositional logic in 1921 ; it had been used earlier to refer to rhetorical tautology , and continues to be used in that alternate sense today .
Copper -LRB- II -RRB- carbonate -LRB- often called copper carbonate or cuprous carbonate -RRB- is a blue-green compound -LRB- chemical formula CuCO3 -RRB- forming part of the verdigris patina that is found on weather brass , bronze , and copper . The color can vary from bright blue to green , because there may be a mixture of both copper carbonate and basic copper carbonate in various stages of hydration .
Essigny-le-Grand is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Her father was the rule of a city called either under his name , as `` Tantalis '' or `` the city of Tantalus '' , or as `` Sipylus '' , in reference to Mount Sipylus at the foot of which his city was located and whose ruins were reported to be still visible in the beginning of the 1st century AD , although few line remain today . Her father is referred to as `` Phrygian '' and sometimes even as `` King of Phrygia '' , although his city was located in the western member of Anatolia where Lydia was to issue as a state before the beginning of the first millennium BC , and not in the traditional heartland of Phrygia , situated more inland .
It has already started to impact -LRB- indirectly -RRB- scholarship in Eastern and Oriental thought , including research on the drift of philosophical thinking in the history of ideas in Islam .
Permanently subterranean poker have reduced eyes , which may even be covered by a layer of skin .
Specifically , it is Mountain Standard Time -LRB- MST -RRB- when find standard time -LRB- Winter -RRB- , and Mountain day Time -LRB- MDT -RRB- when find day saving time .
When the northern Netherlands revolt against King Philip II of Spain in the Dutch rising , the three northern quarters of Gelderland joined the Union of Utrecht and became part of the United Provinces upon the 1581 Act of retraction , while only the Upper Quarter remained a part of the Spanish Netherlands .
Then , on February 13 , 2002 , Jennings died in his sleep of diabetic complications in Chandler , Arizona .
Saulchoy is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Lenzburg was appropriate by Bern in 1415 , along with the western part of current Aargau , though Bern did not take away its city rights .
Cruel Intentions -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , a modern-day repeat of Les link dangereuses featured a kiss between Gellar and co-star Selma Blair that won the two the `` Best Kiss '' award at the 2000 MTV Movie Awards .
Several injuries on Edmonton 's defense led the tanker to recall Plante , and he made his NHL debut on February 1 , 2010 against the Carolina hurricane and recorded an assist .
Daniel Grayling `` Dan '' Fogelberg -LRB- August 13 , 1951 â `` December 16 , 2007 -RRB- was an American singer-songwriter , composer , and multi-instrumentalist , whose music was inspired by sources as diverse as folk , pop , rock , classical , jazz , and bluegrass music .
A number of technology firms had set up shop in the area around Moffett to serve the Navy .
Beginning on 20 November 1923 , 1,000,000,000,000 old Marks were change for 1 Rentenmark so that 4.2 Rentenmarks were worth 1 US dollar , exactly the same rate the Mark had in 1914 .
The Battle of Miani -LRB- February 17 , 1843 -RRB- was a battle between British forces under Sir Charles Napier and the Talpur amir of Sindh , Pakistan .
Armand TraorÃ -LRB- born 8 October 1989 -RRB- is a French professional footballer of Senegalese line who currently plays as a left back and left winger for Juventus , on loan from Arsenal .
The novel was well received by critics , it was noted in The New York Times 100 Most Notable Books of the Year , as well as its Orange Prize claim .
This occurs in the core region of the star using the protonâ `` proton chain reaction process .
The first issue did not have ad on the front page as previously , but instead news text and grave pictures -LRB- of a double-dealer and an actress -RRB- , with the promise of photographs inside .
The observation of the Shoemaker-Levy 9 cometary hit with Jupiter illustrated that catastrophic events occur as natural events .
Giuseppe Sabadini -LRB- born 26 March 1949 in Sagrado -RRB- is an Italian football coach and a former player .
Some people refer to all old German hand book as SÃ 1\/4 tterlin , although form of the Kurrent script were in use centuries before graphic artist Ludwig SÃ 1\/4 tterlin -LRB- 1865 â `` 1917 -RRB- was born .
Lovage -LRB- Levisticum officinale -RRB- is a tall repeated plant , the sole species in the genus Levisticum , in the family Apiaceae , subfamily Apioideae , tribe Apieae .
In early 2006 Yunus , along with other members of the civil society including Professor Rehman Sobhan , Justice Muhammad Habibur Rahman , Dr Kamal Hossain , Matiur Rahman , Mahfuz Anam and Debapriya Bhattchariya , participated in a campaign for honest and clean candidates in national elections .
Marie Antoine -LRB- Antonin -RRB- CarÃ me -LRB- 8 June 1784 -- 12 January 1833 -RRB- , known as the `` King of chef , and the Chef of Kings '' was an early practitioner and power of the elaborate style of cooking known as haute cuisine , the `` high art '' of French cooking : a la-di-da style of cooking favorite by both international royalty and by the newly rich of Paris .
It can also help to explain your aims for the article and its potential notable .
When performing in his representation part , Buckethead used to wear a KFC bucket on his head , color with an orange bumper spine that reads FUNERAL in capital black block letters , and an poker-faced plain white costume mask . More recently , he has switched to a plain white bucket no longer bearing the KFC logo .
This is a list of cities in Oklahoma , arranged in alphabetical order .
When not playing a gig , he hung out at the local pool hall with other musicians where he picked up on upcoming play dates and visit .
passing open to multiple reading should be precisely cited or avoided .
F1 did n't return to Fuji until 2007 .
Beyne-Heusay is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of LiÃ ge .
Hatem Trabelsi -LRB- , ; born 25 January 1977 in Aryanah , Tunisia -RRB- is a former Tunisian footballer .
He explains that all the men need to do is treat the women with respect and things will sort themselves out .
The Earth has probably always had some form of basaltic crust , but the age of the oldest oceanic crust today is only about 200 million years .
Both sex smoke , but the use of cannabis is restricted to men and single women , as it is thought to hurt child-bearing women .
The HTML markup produced by this guide includes an hCard microformat , which makes the person 's details parsable by computers , either acting automatically to catalogue articles across Wikipedia or via a browser tool operated by a reader , to -LRB- for example -RRB- add the subject to an address book or database .
The film stars Al Pacino , John Cazale , Charles Durning , Chris Sarandon , and Carol Kane .
Gela is an important industrial city and port town .
This center on the species Wiwaxia corrugata , found in the Burgess Shale , since the other specimens lie only of fragments , while the Burgess Shale has provided at least 138 complete ones .
Clarke holds the position , as did wheat , while serving as a Member of Parliament in the House of Commons ; Jack wheat was the first Lord Chancellor since the 17th century not to be a peer .
The consensus from critics was the film was `` a faithful adaptation of a beloved children 's novel and a powerful portrait of love , loss , and imagination through children 's eyes .
Due to destructive impacts , the name Connie was retired , and will never again be used for an Atlantic hurricane .
Gilgit River is a contributing of the Indus River , and flows past the town of Gilgit .
Its headquarters are in the 14th arrondissement of Paris , in the regret du commander Mouchotte .
panther Racing was a Formula One team that compete in the FIA Formula One World Championship from 2000 to 2004 .
A small scenic village of around 500 residents in the Bagnes Valley , it lies about 10 km distant from Verbier ski resort .
He also received an Honorary Award in 1961 from the Academy .
PrÃ - en-Pail is a communicate in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
The act hold the program 's purpose as follows : To promote world peace and friendship through a Peace Corps , which shall make available to interested countries and areas men and women of the United States qualified for service abroad and willing to serve , under conditions of severity if necessary , to help the peoples of such countries and areas in meeting their needs for trained men .
The Piccadilly line is a line of the London Underground , colored dark blue on the Tube map .
After Chantal passed Bermuda , a ship with the call sign C60Y4 recorded sustained winds of 37 mph -LRB- 59 km\/h -RRB- over the open waters of the north Atlantic Ocean .
Holy Mary , Mother of God , pray for us sinners , now and at the hour of our death .
Political affair may refer to the unlawful or shocking activities of public , such as the Watergate affair , or to a legally be government department , for example , the United Nations Department of Political Affairs .
They were finally caught 37 km east of York by a party of officer that included the native tracker Tommy Windich .
Johannes Christian `` Hansi '' PflÃ 1\/4 gler -LRB- born 27 March 1960 -RRB- is a former German footballer .
Introducing a new cultivar may mean change in the found rate , set the planter , reaper , dry , white , sheller , and method of marketing .
The Tokugawa dictatorship would rule Japan for the next 250 years .
On September 5 of that same year , James appeared on the USA Network show Psych , playing a roll derby girl called Rita `` deadly Weapon '' Westwood .
He obtained his deacon 's orders in 1746 , being fully order in 1749 , and subsequently held several curacy in Hampshire and Wiltshire , including Selborne 's neighbor parish of N Valence and Farringdon , as well as Selborne itself on four separate occasions .
Helene iceberg 's death in 1976 , just six months before the Metropolitan Opera was due to present the American premiere -LRB- in a production by John Dexter -RRB- , paved the way for a new completed version to be made by Friedrich Cerha .
This lock may be disabled so that the phone can use other Service Providers ' SIM cards .
This , however , is changing with women in urban Maharashtra wearing Punjabi dresses , consisting of a Salwar and a Kurta while men wear trousers and a shirt .
These are referred to as `` standalone '' y and go as far back as Internet Explorer version 3 .
The ciphertext-only attack model is the light because it mean that the cryptographer has just the encoded message .
The Knowledge of variation involves understanding that everything measured consists of both `` normal '' variation due to the flexibility of the system and of `` special causes '' that create fault .
She also has the Whitelighter abilities of orbit and witch -LRB- to shapeshift into a different human appearance -RRB- .
In 1934 , age 18 , Cleary moved to Ontario , California , to attend Chaffey College , from which she earned an Associate of Arts degree .
While the look and Cherubino are waiting for Susanna to come back , they suddenly hear the Count arriving . Cherubino cover in the closet .
8.4 % of Warne individuals are unemployed with 3.9 % living below poverty .
The following is a list of the most selected First Team All-Stars by position .
However , the body square of Epidexipteryx are unique in that some appear to grow from a `` membrane-forming structure '' at the base of each square .
T-Mobile is a German wireless services provider , owned by Deutsche Telekom . It operates several GSM networks in Europe and the United States .
Through his father he is a descendant of Saxon and Austrian statesman Count Friedrich Ferdinand von Beust .
It was released on January 29 , 1996 for the PC .
No native people were employed at any of these mines .
Mitsuo Kato -LRB- born January 22 , 1953 -RRB- is a former Japanese footballer .
Other scientists had suggested in the 1860s that the elements display periodicity .
Here was angry with Zeus , her husband , because he had instill Leto .
Hiroshi Jofuku -LRB- å ç æ , born 21 March 1961 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
By 1955 , the publication of the ISCC-NBS Dictionary of Color Names -LRB- a color dictionary used by stamp collector to identify the colors of cast -RRB- , now on the Internet , listed dozens of different shades of lavender .
Additional support comes from a recent discovery of a bacterial ecosystem whose energy source is radiation .
DSL was originally based on Model-K , a 22 M clean down version of Knoppix , but soon after was based on Knoppix proper , allowing much easier remastering and improvements .
The coastal plain of the southern Levant , broad in the south and contract to the north , is backed in its southernmost portion by a zone of foothills , the Shephalah ; like the plain this contract as it goes north , ending in the head of Mount Carmel .
Pondaurat is a communicate in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University , popularly known as Virginia Tech -LRB- Vermont -RRB- , is a land-grant university in Blacksburg , Virginia , United States .
Smokey Bear -LRB- often unofficially referred to as Smokey the Bear , also simply referred to as Smokey -RRB- is a mascot of the United States Forest Service created to school the public about the risk of forest fires .
On December 8 convection began to run in association with the till and an upper-level low .
It come its name from its county town , the Royal burgh of Selkirk .
It is a retreat rotator with its pole pointing towards ecliptic organize -LRB- Î , Î '' -RRB- = -LRB- -65 Â , 2 Â -RRB- with a 10 Â uncertainty .
In response to the rise of European fascism in the 1930s he was asked to write We European with the ethnologist A.C. Haddon , zoologist Alexander Carr-Saunders and historian of science Charles Singer .
All of the toys are quickly catch of their new home , leaving firm Woody alone to attempt to return to Andy .
White -LRB- 1998 -RRB- project a method of guess the age of large and veteran trees in the United Kingdom through the correlation between a tree 's stem diameter , growth character and age .
Guthrie writes , '' -LRB- Socrates -RRB- was accustomed to say that he did not himself know anything , and that the only way in which he was smart than other men was that he was conscious of his own ignorance , while they were not .
The population was 72 at the 2000 census .
The 2007 â `` 08 Montreal Canadiens season was the Canadiens ' 98th season of play and 90th in the National Hockey League .
The Geneva normal do not address the use of weapons of war , as this is covered by the Hague normal of 1899 and 1907 and the Geneva Protocol .
The Estonian speak a Finno-Ugric language , known as Estonian .
With a 2010 estimated population of 18,801,310 by the United States Census Bureau , it is the fourth most populous state in the country .
Since 1860 Hamburg had a constitution . Members of the Hamburg senate were elected by the Hamburg Parliament -- not coopted by the existing senate .
All the Greatest Hits is an album from British band McFly .
During questioning at the police station in Livry-Gargan at 18:12 , blackout occurred at the station and in nearby areas .
`` Long '' is used to name Chinese dinosaur in much the same way that the Latin - saur -LRB- us -RRB- is in the West .
14 teams each played 78 games -LRB- six games against each opponent -RRB- .
A quantum computer is a device for computing that makes direct use of quantum mechanical phenomenon , such as superposition and web , to perform operations on data .
With the man dead the man who first made the challenge gives Hercules a peacock square , Here 's symbol .
-LRB- -LRB- image : Jidysz .
Wittnau is a municipality in the district of Laufenburg in the quarter of Aargau in Switzerland .
Although many Egyptologist have claimed that her foreign policy was mainly peaceful , there is evidence that Hatshepsut led successful military campaigns in Nubia , the Levant , and Syria early in her career .
If a solid object after all , would be 3 â ' 5 km in diameter based on light , and might be a shepherd satellite for the outer edge of Saturn 's F ring .
Many of these wound cause structural damage to the DNA particle and can alter or eliminate the cell 's ability to transcribe the gene that the affected DNA encode .
The Hershey Company , known until April 2005 as the Hershey Chocolate Corporation and commonly called Hershey 's , is the largest chocolate manufacturer in North America .
Bergelmir is about 6 km in diameter , and area Saturn at an average distance of 19,372 Mm in 1006.659 days , at an list of 157 Â to the ecliptic -LRB- 134 Â to Saturn 's equator -RRB- , in a retreat direction and with an eccentricity of 0.152 .
Cameron and Noble also worked together on Kirk .
Located 2.4 km from Flinders Street Station , Melbourne 's central suburban railway station , Richmond station is located close to the Melbourne Cricket Ground , back Road egg-shaped and Melbourne Park , so is often busy during sporting and other special events .
The 2004 laureate Zaha Hadid was the first female prize winner .
A French press , also known as a press pot , coffee press , coffee piston , cafetiere -LRB- UK -RRB- or Ñ afetiÃ re Ã piston , is a simple coffee brewing device which was invented in France in the late 19th century .
Tracking north , it began its transition into an extratropical cyclone on November 2 , becoming fully extratropical on November 4 while over Labrador .
The set C of complex numbers is a field .
Usually opposite the entrance to the prayer hall is the qiblah wall , the visually stress area inside the prayer hall .
Stacy London -LRB- born May 25 , 1969 -RRB- is an American fashion consultant and media personality known primarily for her role as co-host on What Not to Wear , a reality program that features makeover .
The first has been adapted into a live-action film The Last Airbender , directed by M. Night Shyamalan and was released in 2010 .
For instructions on how to implement multiple terms , see this page .
Some trade have been do for centuries , while others are modern design , or popularization of trade which were originally do in a very small geographic area .
This jump-stomp move may entirely crush smaller enemies on the stage , and usually deals damage to larger ones , sometimes causing secondary effects .
Failure to choose session keys -LRB- or any key -RRB- properly is a major -LRB- and too common in actual practice -RRB- design fault in any crypto system .
Ivan Petrovich Pavlov -LRB- September 14 , 1849 - February 27 , 1936 -RRB- was a famous Russian physiologist .
Here he rapidly advanced to be lieutenant-colonel , and upon Colonel Gerrish 's retirement in August 1775 , he was placed in command of the regiment , and was soon commission colonel .
As early as 1911 he became known for fighting against anti-black discrimination on Broadway .
Less than a year after it opened to the public on May 27 , 1931 , the Chrysler Building was pass in height by the Empire State Building , but the Chrysler Building is still the world 's tall steel-supported brick building .
The first tropical storm of the 1988 Atlantic hurricane season , Alberto developed from a till of low pressure off the coast of South Carolina on August 5 .
A cryptographic protocol usually contain at least some of these aspects :
Cartomancy is fortune-telling or prophecy using a deck of cards .
-LRB- both from Londiniensis -RRB- after their degree abbreviation -LRB- see post-nominal abbreviation -RRB- .
It is the third Fibonacci number , and the third and fifth Perrin numbers .
Montigny-en-Gohelle is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
type If no type argument is given the guide default to type notice .
SÃ rusier 's ideas regarding the cohesion between music and painting gave rise to her theory of vibrism , which is a middle course between the man-made Cubism of the pre-war period and Larionov and Goncharova 's Rayonism .
The 2014 FIFA World Cup will be the 20th FIFA World Cup , an international association football tournament that is scheduled to take place in June and July 2014 in Brazil .
Species that lack lung breathe through gill .
The islands have had a one authority council since 1890 , and are separate from the Cornwall one authority , but some services are combined with Cornwall and the islands are still part of the ceremony county of Cornwall .
In 1927 tourism had grown to the point where the area 's name was return to Port Arthur .
The term ` robin ' for this species has been recorded since at least 1703 .
They were not officially recognized as the rule .
In 1991 , the government regroup the administrative regions into nine federal states , matching the nine provinces that had existed from 1948 to 1973 .
See also in music .
In 1957 , the term was first defined as someone with fewer than 75 at cream or 45 innings sky in any previous Major League season .
The website includes the complete text of the Tanakh .
near the end , the monk began to believe that Gyatso interfere too much , so they decide to send Aang to the Eastern Air Temple .
take are right with a base stipend plus bonus for increased traffic ; according to About.com , several take are average over $ 100,000 per year , although the exact number is not break .
Silena Beauregard and Annabeth capture Percy .
Both tools use these words .
McClain was considered as one of the best fullback available in the 2007 NFL Draft , and drew comparison to William Henderson . He was draft with the 137th pick during the 4th round by the Baltimore pig .
A recognition signal is a signal where a person , a ship , an plane or something else is recognized .
He has homes in Lugano , Switzerland and Pescara , Italy .
Livingstone described Tuttle as `` one of George Bush 's closest brother and a big funder of his election campaign '' and said he was trying to `` skive out of -LRB- paying -RRB- like some cheat little turn '' .
This notion that SPC is a useful tool when applied to non-repetitive , knowledge-intensive processes such as engineering processes has encountered much disbelief , and remains controversial today .
control images should be prominently noted as such .
that the album was intended to be Marilyn Manson 's departure from music .
During the 1960s , he led the way in develop British police recruitment and in improving the training of senior officers .
Wilson moved to Iroquois Falls , Ontario for a season to play in the Northern Ontario Hockey Association -LRB- NOHA -RRB- in 1921 â `` 22 before returning to Port Arthur a year later to play for the Port Arthur Bearcats .
The Congo flows generally north from Kisangani just below the Boyoma falls , then gradually turn southwest , passing by Mbandaka , joining with the Ubangi River , and running into the Pool Malebo -LRB- Stanley Pool -RRB- .
This reason , however , is cave by his lack of motivation -LRB- `` Object there was none .
He is the younger brother of Eric Staal of the Carolina hurricane , Marc Staal of the New York Rangers , and Jordan Staal of the Pittsburgh penguin .
In 1852 he became reader in medicine at the University of TÃ 1\/4 bingen , where he published his great work Kraft und Stoff : Empirisch-naturphilosophische Studien -LRB- Force and Matter : Empiricophilosophical Studies , 1855 -RRB- .
Scotch-Irish is a traditional term for Ulster Scottish who later emigrated to what is now the United States ; `` Scots-Irish '' is a more recent form of the American term , and is not to be confused with Irish-Scots , i.e. , recent Irish immigrants to Scotland .
To the north lie Namibia , Botswana and Zimbabwe ; to the east are Mozambique and Swaziland ; while Lesotho is an enclave surrounded by South African territory .
Seamus Heaney -LRB- born 13 April 1939 , -RRB- is an Irish poet , writer and reader .
For more details on the episode of operations used for various quantum algorithm , see universal quantum computer , Shor 's algorithm , Grover 's algorithm , Deutsch-Jozsa algorithm , bounty gain , quantum Fourier transform , quantum gate , quantum adiabatic algorithm and quantum error discipline .
Researchers and practitioners in give education deal that , if education were to follow the medical maxim of `` first , do no harm , '' then no further justification would be required for providing resources for give education as they believe give children to be at-risk .
He was draft by the New Orleans Saints in the first round -LRB- 13th overall -RRB- of the 2002 NFL Draft .
From 2002-2004 , high profile GPL enforcement cases , such as those against Linksys and OpenTV , became frequent .
In 1807 , she began a regular passenger service between New York City and Albany , New York , 240 k distant , which was a commercial success . She could make the trip in 32 hours .
Francisco Pantoja Rueda -LRB- born December 3 , 1973 -RRB- is a Mexican professional wrestler , or Luchador , best known by his ring name Super Crazy .
Their root be of Hardwick had taken one of her four husband , the Earl of Shrewsbury , to `` take the waters '' at Buxton shortly after he became the screw of Mary , Queen of Scottish , in 1569 , and they took Mary there in 1573 â '' she called Buxton `` La Fontagne de Bogsby '' , but stayed at the site of the Old Hall Hotel .
Cheese under the name of Gouda is currently made and sold all around the world .
On June 1 , a tropical depression formed off western Cuba from an organized cloud system .
Uranium-lead dating techniques have also been applied to other mineral such as calcite\/aragonite and other carbonate mineral .
Matthew Duchene -LRB- born January 16 , 1991 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey center in the National Hockey League for the Colorado Avalanche .
Miguel Ã ngel `` MÃ chel '' Salgado FernÃ ndez -LRB- born 22 October 1975 -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for Blackburn rover in the Premier League as first choice right-back .
The following year the county court met at `` Chipola Settlement '' which is also known as Waddell 's Mill pool .
They draft members in all 50 of the United States and in 27 countries .
Such look are known as Shift JI art .
At the Tasman Glacier some 200 k from the epicenter , around 30 million t -LRB- 33 ST -RRB- of ice tip off the glacier into Tasman Lake , hitting tour boats with tsunami waves 3.5 m high .
However , the vampire , as he became known in Europe , largely start in Southern Slavic folklore â `` although the closest equivalent in Romanian folklore link to strigoi .
In 1810 , a princess of Saxe-Hildburghausen , Therese , was married to Crown Prince Ludwig of Bavaria , who became king of Bavaria 15 years later ; this event is the reason for the Oktoberfest , held annually in Munich .
This led to concerns about the possible state of the course by the time the tournament proper was due to start on September 22 , leading to the possibility of further break and possible changing of the normal rules .
In order for this guide to work , the archives must be named `` Archive 1 '' , `` Archive 2 '' and so on -LRB- capital `` A '' , with a space before the number -RRB- .
US George Clymer -LRB- APA-27 -RRB- was named in his honor .
Failure rate is the frequency with which an direct system or component fails , expressed for example in failure per hour .
As the king felt that her presence might put nap in a `` more relaxed mood '' ; Louise reluctantly agreed to meet the emperor at Tilsit , but only to save `` her Prussia . ''
They occurred under water , at the edge of Norway 's continental shelf -LRB- Storegga is Norwegian for the `` Great Edge '' -RRB- , in the Norwegian Sea , 100 km north-west of the MÃ re coast , causing a very large tsunami in the North Atlantic Ocean .
The quickness with which American readers cover Longfellow was alone in publishing history in the United States ; by 1874 , he was earning $ 3,000 per poem .
Auburn was the site of a hospital for Texan allied soldiers , but only saw direct combat with the raid of Rousseau in 1864 and Wilson in 1865 .
La Grange , a suburb of Chicago , is a village in Cook County , in the U.S. state of Illinois .
Tarragon or dragon 's - wort -LRB- Artemisia dracunculus -RRB- is a repeated herb in the family Asteraceae related to wormwood .
The game is the third Mario role-playing game , following Super Mario RPG : Legend of the Seven Stars for the SNES , and Paper Mario for the Nintendo 64 .
It was during this time that he and William Bateson began a research collaboration , which lasted several years .
Interestingly enough , Ptolemy 13 sent Portsmouth 's head to Caesar in an effort to win his favor , but Caesar was not pleased about receiving the head of his son-in-law in a box .
Taylor won two Academy Awards for Best Actress for her performance in BUtterfield 8 in 1960 , and for Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ?
Sheffield has a long sporting heritage . In 1857 a collective of cricketer formed the world 's first-ever official football club , Sheffield F.C. , and the world 's second-ever , Hallam F.C. , who also play at the world 's oldest football ground in the suburb of Crosspool .
ConnerrÃ is a communicate in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France .
The player controls the main character from an smash perspective and pilot him throughout the fictionalized region of Kanto in a quest to master PokÃ Monday battle .
Troy Brouwer -LRB- born August 17 , 1985 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger currently playing for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Jericho was eliminated and , to continue the feud between the two men , attacked The Rock , even though Jericho 's future was on the line if The Rock lost .
Furthermore the polymerization of the amino acid thioesters into polypeptide lead the directed polymerization of amino acid ester by polynucleotides .
Stallone had his first starring role in the soft core porn feature film The Party at pool and he-man 's -LRB- 1970 -RRB- .
`` Over all people have I deliver thee the power , '' said God to the Angel of Death , `` only not over this one which has received freedom from death through the Law . ''
McHenry was a signatory of the United States Constitution from Maryland and the namesake of Fort McHenry .
She starts the fifth grade in the beginning of 1991 and she reunite her friends and her family .
Use this guide when the normal method for entering ISBNs -LRB- see below -RRB- would be repetitive or extra .
The territory was carved out of the Province of Udine in 1968 .
In May 1941 Sargent conducted the last performance held in the Queen 's Hall . Following an afternoon performance of Elgar 's The Dream of Gerontius , the hall was destroyed during a night-time inflammatory raid .
compound that are prepared by reaction of other compound are referred to as `` man-made '' . They may be either compound that already are found in plants or animals -LRB- semi-synthetic compound -RRB- , or those that do not occur naturally .
In 1844 Thomas Hood wrote the poem The Bridge of sigh about the suicide of a whore there .
The Binary Slide Rule manufactured by Gilson in 1931 performed an addition and minus function limited to divide .
J. Sainsbury plc is the parent company of Sainsbury 's supermarket Ltd , commonly known as Sainsbury 's -LRB- also Sainsbury and J -RRB- , the third largest chain of supermarket in the United Kingdom with a share of the UK supermarket sector of 16.5 % .
Rafael Ferdinand van der Vaart -LRB- ; born 11 February 1983 -RRB- is a Dutch footballer who plays for English Premier League club Tottenham Percy and the Dutch national team .
While some software might always be free , there would be a growing amount of software that was for sale only .
Alfonso PÃ rez MuÃ oz -LRB- born 26 September 1972 in Getafe -RRB- , usually referred to as Alfonso , is a former Spanish footballer , who played as a striker .
Thonglongya worked with a British partner , John E. Hill , in class cream of Thailand ; after Thonglongya died suddenly in February 1974 , Hill formally described the species , giving it the binomial name Craseonycteris thonglongyai in honor of his fellow .
Hence on January 15 , 1962 the king planted his five trees that he brought from HUM Hin in front of the university auditorium and said `` Hence I give these five trees as eternal memorial '' -LRB- à à à à à à à à à à à à à à à à à à `` à à à à à à à `` à à à à à à à à # à à à à à à à à à à à à à à à '' à à à -RRB- .
Because they use no fuel and they cost nothing to run , human-centered organizations are promoting their use worldwide to help slow deforestation and desertification , caused by using wood as fuel for cooking .
The Premier of Victoria is the leader of the government in the Australian state of Victoria .
Caffeine found in the chocolate solid in hot chocolate may also have negative effects on health .
Nate is a South Korean web portal , developed by SK Telecom .
The first argument can be used for mass number .
Its status as a sea of hydrocarbons was identified by radar imagination .
He also wrote three sonata for violin and piano and a cello sonata .
Since the first generation of the SEAT Ibiza launched in 1984 , more than 4 million SEAT Ibiza cars have been sold in its four generations up to the present .
Gresso is a municipality in the district of Locarno in the quarter of Ticino in Switzerland .
Blue Lodge , one of the houses , was once the home of Anna Sewell , author of Black Beauty .
It was first published as sheet music in 1903 .
Frederick Augustus IIIFriedrich August III 17 December 1763 20 December 1806 Son of Frederick Christian .
Though now grammatically used as a noun , the term cathedral was originally the procedural in the phrase `` cathedral church '' , from the Latin ecclesia cathedralis .
But one was out on the hills away , Far off from the gates of gold .
Rather than fear the code of infobox details , more writers should learn how infoboxes are code , to more easily expand , or correct , the details of various infoboxes .
Playground coast are found in parks , schools , playground and backyard .
Different change of miso have been described as salty , sweet , down-to-earth , nuts , and spicy , and there is a very wide variety of miso available .
Lr is a radioactive man-made element with the symbol Lr -LRB- formerly Lw -RRB- and nuclear number 103 .
â '' sligocki -LRB- talk -RRB- 07:45 , 24 October 2009 -LRB- UTC -RRB- -RRB-
Local Government reform in England in 1965 led to the appointment of deputy to Greater London and Huntingdon and Peterborough , and the abolition of those of the County of London , Middlesex and Huntingdonshire .
The origin of the name Bezenye comes from a Slav word meaning `` elder '' tree -LRB- `` baza '' -RRB- .
It took place at Madison Square Garden in New York , New York on March 20 , 1994 .
Internet Explorer itself can be hosted by other applications via a set of COM port .
The vast majority of Wikipedia articles are written by normal people , with healthy attitudes , and common courtesy .
Later in the Classical period , the league would become fewer and larger , be dominated by one city -LRB- particularly Athens , Sparta and Thebes -RRB- ; and often poleis would be compelled to join under threat of war -LRB- or as part of a peace treaty -RRB- .
It is dress with a 32-centimetre-tall frieze of figures in relief representing Dionysus surrounded by Ariadne and her rise of lech and maenads .
The complete line is a railway project to build a subway line with two branches cross a good deal of the metropolitan area of Barcelona through Barcelona , Santa Coloma de Gramenet , Badalona , l'Hospitalet de Llobregat and El can de Llobregat .
Even though Boston still lost , coach Art Ross ' play was described as `` amazing '' the following day , and this technique , known as `` open net '' , caught on with the rest of the league .
At the end of the film , it is noted as a Lennon\/McCartney composition rather than a Harrison composition .
Andrej PanadiÄ -LRB- born 9 March 1969 in Zagreb -RRB- is a Croatian football coach and a former defender .
Neuville-sur-Ain is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
From the beginning , graphic designs were used to identify teams .
She is best known for her television role as Ruthie Camden on The WB\/The CW 's longest-running show 7th Heaven .
Poiana Stampei is a communicate located in Suceava County , Romania .
The American College of Osteopathic internist know the following subspecialties .
With multiple shit , they can achieve extremely high output force greater than 10000 p.
By Christmas 1990 , Berners-Lee had built all the tools necessary for a working Web : the first web browser -LRB- which was a web editor as well -RRB- ; the first web server ; and the first web pages , which described the project itself .
There is one additional figure -LRB- the 24-cell -RRB- which has no three-dimensional equivalent .
They remained in the family for 33 years .
Other letters were destroyed by the successor of Admiral Francis Austen , Jane 's brother .
Willie Aames -LRB- born July 15 , 1960 -RRB- is an American actor , film and television director , television producer , and screenwriter . He played Tommy Bradford on the 1970s â Eight Is Enough , and Buddy Lembeck on the 1980s â sitcom Charles in Charge .
It mix and replaced a number of older ISO standards on various aspects of date and time note : ISO 2014 , ISO 2015 , ISO 2711 , ISO 3307 , and ISO 4031 .
After the separation of his parents , while his mother traveled seeking employment , young Langston was raised mainly by his parental grandmother Mary Patterson Langston in Lawrence , Kansas .
Glenmore is a town in Brown County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
But being civil should not be confused with being friendly or nice , let alone kindly or credulous .
Charles Emmanuel II -LRB- 20 June 1634 â `` 12 June 1675 -RRB- was the Duke of Savoy from 1638 to 1675 and under regency of his mother Christine Marie of France until 1663 .
The music video for `` Amish Paradise '' is very similar to the `` Gangsta 's Paradise '' music video , although several concepts have been parody .
low is treated with vitamin C.
The First Triumvirate was the political alliance of Gaius Julius Caesar , Marcus Licinius Crassus , and Gnaeus Pompeius Magnus .
The Minnesota North Stars were a professional ice hockey team in the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- for 26 seasons , from 1967 to 1993 .
Serum amyloid A -LRB- SAA -RRB- proteins are a family of apolipoproteins associated with high-density lipoprotein -LRB- HDL -RRB- in plasma .
said Brian Holm , his directeur sportif .
Ian Stuart turn , -LRB- born January 18 , 1963 in Romford , England -RRB- is a former professional footballer who began his career with Tottenham Percy before making 418 appearances for Norwich City .
Mostly known as a university town , Tartu is also a site of heavy industry .
The following day , convection began to decrease around the low and the National Hurricane Center -LRB- NHC -RRB- end monitoring it .
The population was 277 at the 2000 census .
It won the 2005 Academy Award for Best Make Up and various other awards and is the first film in the series of films based on the books .
Use three-letter codes wikilinked to full currency name .
In the United States , on September 2 , 2001 , Cowboy bop became the first anime title to be shown as part of the U.S. Cartoon Network 's Adult Swim programming block .
A medical professional who practices oncology is an oncologist .
In 1662 Akershus became an Amt , and in 1685 Buskerud was separated from Akershus and became an Amt of its own .
On their November 10 , 2010 issue , Kerrang !
Critics argue that the so-called free market reform policies which the Bank recommend are often harmful to economic development if implemented badly , too quickly -LRB- `` shock therapy '' -RRB- , in the wrong sequence or in weak , uncompetitive economy .
Hyssop is said to be counter to radish , and they should not be grown nearby .
The `` trees '' -LRB- actually giant club moss -RRB- were very tall , some , such as Lepidodendron , up to 50 m tall .
The Bermuda Weather Service is Bermuda 's national meteorological service .
Some of the functions of the abolished county council were taken over by joint bodies such as passenger transport authorities , and joint fire , police and waste disposal authorities .
In the first part of his career he was regarded rightly as one of the great scientific figures of the age .
Hurricane Emily was not originally recorded as a Category 5 storm , but it was raise in the post-storm analysis by the National Hurricane Center . The 2005 season is the only season on record with four Category 5 force on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale ; the previous record was only two .
He committed suicide in 1993 at the age of 44 by shooting himself in the heart in Angeles National Forest .
His concentration on landscape subjects was the most consistent of any of the impressionist .
In addition , the network cut several episodes through its run which are known to have been cut in previous runs of the show ; this may mean that other episodes are lost or in bad enough condition for GSN not to air them .
Built by and named for the New York Central Railroad in the prime of American long-distance passenger trains , it is the largest train station in the world by number of platforms : 44 , with 67 tracks along them .
Marcellina has hired Bartolo as her counsel , since Figaro had once promised to marry her if he should default on a loan she had made to him , and she think to apply that promise .
In 2002 , both Russia and China also had prison populations in excess of 1 million .
In 64 , most of Rome was destroyed in the Great Fire of Rome .
Chastre is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant .
It is also used for the preparation of baked potatoes , baked apple , baked beans , some casserole and pasta dishes such as lasagna , and various other foods , such as the pretzel .
He was born into a middle-class family .
He suited up as a goalkeeper twice with Quebec and once with Hamilton .
The Royal announcement of 1763 temporarily keep expansion west of the Appalachian Mountains , but did not stop it completely .
Seven Sisters station is a National Rail and London Underground Victoria Line station in the Seven Sisters area of the London Borough of Haringey , north London .
The term `` Middle Chinese '' , in contrast to Old Chinese and Modern Chinese , is usually used in the context of historical Chinese phonology , which seeks to restore the pronunciation of Chinese used during these times .
Tiffauges is a communicate in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
The library opened in 1856 , with a collection of 3,800 books chosen by Sir Redmond , the President of Trustees .
However , they were forced into a pair of battles by Anthony , collectively known as the Battle of Philippi .
According to a survey put together by the Hungarian national tourism office MogyorÃ d ranks third in venue visited by tourists in Hungary , following the Danube Bend-area and Lake Balaton , but before Budapest .
On 15 October 184 at the Capitoline Games , a Cynic philosopher publicly shit Perennis before Commodus , who was watching , but was immediately put to death .
This was followed by her performance of the role of Tateh 's daughter , the Little Girl , in the 1998 original Broadway cast of rag .
Indianapolis is home to several major sports teams and athletic events including the NFL 's Indianapolis Colts , the NBA 's Indiana Pacers , and the Indianapolis 500 and Brickyard 400 motorsports races .
Yonge Street was formerly a part of Highway 11 , which led to claims that Yonge Street was the longest street in the world .
In the late 1860s , through the practice of painting light and water en plein air -LRB- in the open air -RRB- , he and his friend Claude Monet discovered that the color of shadows is not brown or black , but the reflected color of the objects surrounding them , an effect today known as spread reflection .
Hundreds of students were arrested .
In many picture , Fukurokuju has an abnormally high forehead .
The final season features twenty-one episodes , one more than the previous two seasons .
In 1702 , following his father 's wishes , Handel started studying law at the University of Halle ; and also earned an appointment as the organist at the local Protestant cathedral .
Often it also contains symbiotic algae , especially zooxanthellae , which provide most of the cell 's energy .
The original ice cream sandwich was commonly known as a ` cream between ' .
In Super Mario 64 and the English version of Mario Kart 64 , talk was sound by Leslie range , a location manager for Nintendo of America . range sound talk again for the release of Super Mario 64 D in 2004 and in Super Paper Mario in 2007 .
The current avatar of the company as Warner Music Group was formed in 2004 when it was spin off from Time Warner , and as a result Time Warner no longer keep any ownership any in Warner Music Group , despite its name .
The University of Michigan was established in Detroit in 1817 as the Catholepistemiad , or University of Michigania , by the governor and judges of Michigan Territory .
Breckinridge ordered his field officers to visit the troops and to report back with the condition of his troops .
Albion is a city in Marshall County , Iowa , United States .
Besides serving in the Commons , Livingstone held a number of other ` odd jobs ' during this period , including game show contestant and host , after-dinner speaker , and restaurant reader for the Evening Standard .
They have three biological children together : sons Henry Gunther Ademola Dashtu Samuel -LRB- born September 15 , 2005 -RRB- and Johan Riley Fyodor Taiwo Samuel -LRB- born November 22 , 2006 -RRB- , and daughter Lou Sulola Samuel -LRB- born October 9 , 2009 -RRB- .
, so the only alliance directing was '' '' .
The football team is led by legendary coach Joe Paterno , who at 83 is in his 45th year as head coach -LRB- as of the 2010 season -RRB- . Joe Paterno was in a close competition with Bobby Bowden , the head coach for Florida State , for the most wins ever in Division I-A -LRB- now the FBS -RRB- history .
From 1907 until 1973 there was a Sartell on nearly every City Council , the most prominent being Ripley B. `` Rip '' Sartell who was mayor for 31 years .
When he arrives , he finds his uncle seriously wounded . Link 's uncle tells Link to rescue Princess Zelda from her prison , giving him a sword and shield .
Tin trust directly with Cl forming tin -LRB- IV -RRB- chloride , while respond tin with hydrochloric acid in water gives tin -LRB- II -RRB- chloride and H gas .
It belongs to the Carme group , made up of second retreat Moon orbit Jupiter at a distance ranging between 23 and 24 Gm and at an list of about 165 Â .
Chiba is linked to Tokyo by several railway lines ; the main trunk lines are the Keiyo Line and Sobu Line .
By July 2009 , nine tracks had been recorded for the new album , including the songs `` Fine '' , `` Everybody Hurts '' and `` Darlin '' .
Historically , the native habitat of the expose San Joaquin Kit Fox and riparian brush rabbit included the riparian zone near the San Joaquin River .
She joined MBC 's Hunter , along with SS501 's Kim Hyun Joong , Jung Yong Hwa , Lee Hwi Jae , skin Jung Hwan and two professional Hunter to catch overpopulated wild boar that have become a dangerous threat to people and crops .
Martin Bell , OBE , -LRB- born 31 August 1938 , Redisham , Suffolk -RRB- is a British UNICEF -LRB- UNICEF UK -RRB- Ambassador , a former broadcast war reporter and former independent politician .
Because of her beauty and intelligence , everyone in the Imperial Court adore her , and Emperor Konoe fell deeply in love with her .
For the first time in many years , Jason has no fame or reputation to rely on .
Also , additional text can be added to the Characteristics box with `` head legend = '' .
He won the Stanley Cup in 1992 with the Pittsburgh penguin .
From 2000 to 2007 the speedway also hosted the United States Grand Prix for Formula One .
Koungou is the second largest communicate in the French overseas department of Mayotte , in the Indian Ocean , after the capital Mamoudzou .
It became the base for Christian evangelize in the North of England and also sent a successful mission to Mercia .
Chuignolles is a communicate in the Somme department in Picardy in northern France .
Picking the leaves off the plant helps `` promote growth '' , largely because the plant answer by change pairs of folder next to the uppermost leaves into new base .
Each peso is divided into 100 centavos -LRB- `` cents '' -RRB- , for which the Â cents symbol is used .
Southcentral Alaska is the portion of the U.S. state of Alaska consisting of the shoreline and highland of the central Gulf of Alaska .
skater wear similar gloves on each hand , while goalkeeper wear gloves of different types on each hand .
The lake and the mountains attract many tourists , both during the winter and the summer .
Only in 1877 did Nidwalden introduce a new constitution .
We know we are beautiful .
The Galileo spacecraft was able to determine the moon 's shape in 1998 , but the images remain poor .
German East Africa was captured by the British during World War I and from then on was referred to as Tanganyika .
A person who works in archives is called an archivist .
It provided labor for the SS-Junkerschule and the Zentralbauleitung -LRB- Central Administration Building -RRB- .
Eurogamer awarded Red Dead salvation an 8\/10 , stating that it `` successfully re-clothes the Grand Theft Auto framework in an exciting , distinct and expertly realized scenario '' .
He first conducted the Los Angeles symphony -LRB- LA Phil -RRB- in 1979 , and was their Principal Guest director from 1981 â `` 1994 .
Members of the Priesthood make up the Council of Nine , which is the ruling body of the Church of Devil . The Order of the Trapezoid consists of the individuals who assist in the administration of the Church of Devil .
Baldur Benedikt von Schirach -LRB- 9 May 1907 -- 8 August 1974 -RRB- was a Nazi youth leader later convicted of being a war criminal .
Goodbye Lullaby is the fourth studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne .
Rions is a communicate in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
In simple language , the Equator is an imaginary line on the Earth 's surface equidistant from the North Pole and South Pole that part the Earth into a Northern Hemisphere and a Southern Hemisphere .
Modern medicine , both conventional and completing , know that the different rheumatoid disorders have different causes -LRB- and several of them have multiple causes -RRB- and require different kinds of treatment .
In their first appearance in the series , the only part of their bodies that still seemed human were their hands ; by their next appearance in The Moonbase -LRB- 1967 -RRB- , their bodies were entirely covered up in their metal suits , with their hands replaced by two finger hook , but they changed back to regular five-fingered hands in The Invasion -LRB- 1968 -RRB- .
and ECW star began to appear on each others shows as part of a -LRB- kayfabe -RRB- deal between then-ECW General Manager Armando Estrada and then-SmackDown General Manager Vickie Guerrero .
In 1936 Barthold married Ruth GrÃ 1\/4 nwald , a dancer at the Metropolitan Opera who had been just one year in the United States .
From his adoption of the Nation of Islam in 1952 until he left the organization in 1964 , Malcolm X promoted the Nation 's education .
The home at Port-Royal -LRB- 1605-1613 -RRB- was the first French European settlement in North America north of Florida and is soon known as Port-Royal National Historic Site , a National Historic Site located on the northern side of the Annapolis Basin , Nova Scotia , Canada .
The World Meteorological Organization retired one name in the spring of 1992 : Bob . It was replaced in the 1997 season by Bill .
The conservatory de Paris is a college of music and dance founded in 1795 , now situated in the avenue Jean JaurÃ s in the 19th arrondissement of Paris , France . The conservatory offers instruction in music , dance , and drama , drawing on the traditions of the `` French School . ''
On April 24 , 2002 , to honor her contribution to road safety , California officially designated the stretch of Interstate 10 near Indio east of the Indio Boulevard\/Jefferson Street exit as `` The Doctor June McCarroll Memorial pike . ''
Each of these secret is pray as a decade -LRB- a unit of ten -RRB- , consisting of one Our Father -LRB- Pater Noster or The Lord 's Prayer -RRB- , ten come Mary , and one ` Glory Be ' -LRB- Gloria Patri -RRB- -LRB- Doxology -RRB- .
Smart Technologies is a publicly traded company headquartered in Calgary , Alberta , Canada . Founded in 1987 , Smart Technologies is best known as the developer of the Smart Board .
In late 2006 , a new `` Leicester Linx '' brand was introduced for services in Leicester .
Wozzeck and Marie are walking in the woods by a pool .
Some teams used light blue for their road uniform from the 1970s to the early 1990s .
Traditionally , Aramaic is considered a single language .
She gained fame as a contestant on the fifth season of the Fox reality show American god in 2006 , eventually finishing as the runner-up .
Because obsidian is metastable at the Earth 's surface -LRB- over time the glass becomes fine-grained mineral crystal -RRB- , no obsidian has been found that is older than Cretaceous age .
Naismith was also seat into the Canadian Basketball Hall of Fame , the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame , the Canadian Sports Hall of Fame , the Ontario Sports Legends Hall of Fame , the Ottawa Sports Hall of Fame , the McGill University Sports Hall of Fame , the Kansas State Sports Hall of Fame , FIBA Hall of Fame , and The Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame , which was named in his honor .
Resin is a hydrocarbon secretion of many plants , particularly cone-bearing trees . It is valued for its chemical properties and associated uses , such as the production of seal , adhesive , and food glass agents ; as an important source of raw materials for organic synthesis ; and as part of incense and essence .
The organization and rank system of the former Royal Canadian Air Force is used .
In 1861 , Louis Pasteur performed a series of experiments which demonstrated that being such as bacteria and fungus do not spontaneously appear in sterile , nutrient-rich media .
The categories are further broken down based on specific genre and between Feature Film 's and Television shows .
A second marriage was arranged for Lionel with Violante -LRB- c. 1353 - November 1386 -RRB- , daughter of Galeazzo Visconti , lord of Pavia -LRB- d. 1378 -RRB- ; the enormous portion which Galeazzo promised with his daughter being exaggerated by the rumor of the time . travel to get his bride , Lionel was received in great state both in France and Italy , and was married to Violante at Milan on 28 May 1368 .
He composed some music for the Ballet de la nuit , which pleased the king vastly .
Often the original cause is forgotten , and feud continue simply because it is perceived that there has always been a feud .
The north side of the border wall is still standing ; the distinctive three-sided brick force at each end are modern add-on , having been constructed in the early 19th century to shore up the wall .
Leeds rhino are the most successful rugby league team in Leeds .
Soda ash also replaced natron in glass-making .
`` Thalassa '' is also the Greek word for `` sea '' .
In contrast , the songwriting sessions with Twiggy Ramirez were marked by free experiment with absinthe .
The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.06 .
It was released in Japan shortly before the fusion between Square and Enix .
Originally , the award was known as the J. Louis Comiskey Memorial Award , named after the Chicago White Sox owner of the 1930s .
Olendon is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
The Congress Avenue Bridge in Austin , Texas is the summer home to North America 's largest urban bat colony , an estimated 1,500,000 Mexican free-tailed cream , which eat an estimated 10,000 to 30,000 pounds of insects each night . An estimated 100,000 tourists per year visit the bridge at fall to watch the cream leave the rest .
The server mind to connections from IRC clients on a set of TCP ports .
It was held in Glasgow between 26 April and 26 September 1988 .
Brett Gurewitz know attempting to emulate The source singer Darby Crash early on in Bad Religion 's lyric style .
First popularized in the mid 1970s by gastroenterologist Walter L. Voegtlin , this nutritional concept has been promoted and adapted by a number of authors and researchers in several books and academic journal .
They established the principles and basic techniques of division chromatography , and their work encouraged the rapid development of several types of chromatography method : paper chromatography , gas chromatography , and what would become known as high performance liquid chromatography .
The ethics of communism still appeal to me .
Under cross examination Wilde was at first hesitant , then spoke eloquently :
1.16 million books were collected and distributed in 2007 .
Early the next day , the storm passed over western Hainan Island , and fast to a tropical depression that night .
When he became pope in 1978 , John Paul II was already an greedy sport .
It is listed as a book of the Apocrypha in Article VI of the Thirty-Nine Articles of the Church of England .
\/ \/ To keep things simple we 'll ignore all image links .
boil tube are commonly made from Pyrex glass which can hold high temperatures .
If the strand contact an entity , or if shaking trench upon them , the animals investigate with rapid athletic movements .
Gabriel Narutowicz -LRB- ; TelÅ iai , Russian Empire , 17 March 1865 â `` 16 December 1922 , Warsaw , Poland -RRB- was a Lithuanian-born professor of hydroelectric engineering at Switzerland 's Zurich Polytechnic , and Poland 's Minister of Public Works -LRB- 1920 â `` 21 -RRB- , Minister of Foreign Affairs -LRB- 1922 -RRB- , and the first president of the Second Polish Republic .
Its name come from the Greek words Ï Î Î 1\/2 Î Ï Ï Ï and Î Ï Î , meaning visible life , since it was once believed that life began in the Welsh , the first period of this eon .
If these payments were not made or were refused by the break party , a blood feud would result .
When a plant cell is placed in a hypertonic solution , the water in the cells moves to an area higher in solute concentration and the cell contract , and in doing so , becomes soft . This means the cell has become plasmolysed â `` the cell membrane has completely left the cell wall due to lack of water pressure on it ; the opposite of large .
Alexandria is located at .
These gates , connected to a computer network , are capable of reading and update electronic tickets capable of store data , and can store information such as the initial and destination stations and the duration for each trip .
`` aching Breaky Song '' is a song by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic .
A self-respectful life is our goal ; bravely take a stand .
It forms the tectonic boundary between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate .
tail-flower -LRB- Schott , 1829 -RRB- , is a large genus of about 600 - 800 -LRB- possibly 1,000 -RRB- species , belonging to the arum family -LRB- Araceae -RRB- .
Aung San Suu Kyi is the third child and only daughter of Aung San , considered to be the father of modern-day Myanmar .
The attack took place on January 31 , 1996 , Sri Lankan city of Colombo .
Ko Arima is a former Japanese football player .
Tunceli -LRB- ; Zazaki : Dersim is a city in Turkey . It is the provincial capital of Tunceli Province .
It is the valley formed by the North Para River , and the Barossa Valley Way is the main road through the valley , connecting the main towns on the valley floor of Nuriootpa , Tanunda , Rowland Flat and Lyndoch .
Meurchin is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
McEver also holds the record for career scoring at Tennessee among non-kickers .
Therefore , the angle between the side of distance a and b in our original triangle also is a right angle .
Longeville-sur-Mogne is a communicate in the Aube department in north-central France .
Florey and Chain shared the 1945 Nobel Prize in Medicine with Fleming for their work .
In December 1894 , Prime Minister Sir John Thompson died suddenly and Bowell , as the most senior Cabinet minister , was appointed in Thompson 's place by the Governor General .
Hurricane Bob was the second named storm , first hurricane and first major hurricane of the 1991 Atlantic hurricane season .
He is the first Mexican driver to compete at this level of motorsport since Giovanni Aloi took part in International Formula 3000 in 1990 .
He was taken to a nearby inn and question , torture , and killed .
Juno was wild and demanded that Vulcan return home , a demand that he refused .
: \* A copy of the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License is included in the section entitled `` Text of Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License '' : \* A copy of the GNU Free support License is included in the section entitled `` GNU Free support License '' .
According to Moore he immediately fell in love with the game ; specifically , with the game of straight pool -LRB- 14.1 continuous -RRB- , at which he would mainly compete during his career , though not to the exception of all other billiard disciplinesâ '' Moore would become national snooker champion , and would place second at the 1961 First Annual World 's One-Pocket Billiards Tournament in Johnston City , Illinois .
The song reached the top of the charts in the US , and peak at number four in the UK .
Volcanic Sand fell and widely covered the work fields east of Mount Fuji .
The agreement soon fell apart , and over the next several years , Ferdinand 's great general Gonzalo FernÃ ndez de CÃ rdoba appropriate Naples from the French , having succeeded by 1504 .
proclaim logic is the generic term for symbolic formal systems such as first-order logic , second-order logic , many-sorted logic , and infinitary logic .
His fade was variously attributed to the failure of the industrialization scheme he had recommend while minister of industry , to pressure exercise on Castro by Soviet officials reject of Guevara 's pro-Chinese Communist stance on the Sino-Soviet split , and to serious differences between Guevara and the matter-of-fact Castro regarding Cuba 's economic development and ideological line . Pressed by international guess regarding Guevara 's fate , Castro stated on June 16 , 1965 that the people would be informed when Guevara himself wished to let them know .
He had ordered his convoy to stop and return fire , instead of choosing the safer option of driving on in his tour car or change to the safety of the company armor car , as his companion , ant Dalton , had wished .
Fort Lauderdale â `` Hollywood International Airport is an international commercial airport located in unincorporated Broward County , Florida , three miles -LRB- 5 km -RRB- southwest of the central business district of Fort Lauderdale .
They also played the Glasgow date of MTV2 's and Topman 's `` off-the-wall on Tour '' on 19 October 2008 .
Pauline fast on October 10 while over Jalisco .
Birac is a communicate in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Current project show a steady decline in the population growth rate , with the population expected to reach between 8 and 10.5 billion between the year 2040 and 2050 .
He is the husband of the Chancellor of Germany , Angela Merkel .
crazy felt that she was more creative than some of her classmates .
It is the herald of the Holy Roman Empire .
On 31 December Marcia poison his food but he sick up the poison ; so the conspirators sent his wrestling partner Narcissus to choke him in his bath .
He worked on problems in combinatorics , graph theory , number theory , classical analysis , idea theory , set theory , and probability theory .
Kullervo sits down to eat , but the heirloom knife breaks on one of the stones in the bread .
While its main purpose is to slightly bend talk sky to the nearest true semitone -LRB- to the exact pitch of the nearest tone in traditional equal disposition -RRB- , Auto-Tune can be used as an effect to color the human voice when pitch is raised\/lowered significantly .
The cutting fire widespread horror and grief , and the president was honored with an elaborate funeral ceremony in the PanthÃ on .
It borders Peeblesshire to the west , Midlothian to the north , Berwickshire to the north-east , Roxburghshire to the east , and Dumfriesshire to the south .
After Herod died , God called Joseph and his family back from Egypt , and they settled in to Nazareth in Galilee .
Lockport is a city in Will County , Illinois , United States , that incorporated in 1853 .
Saint-Julien-sur-Calonne is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
He was one of the earliest cheat players to take the endgame into account when choosing and playing the opening .
This has the advantage of equally distributed spatial resolution without uniqueness -LRB- i.e. the terminal -RRB- at the expense of somewhat greater mathematical difficulty .
Robinson 's career is generally considered to mark the beginning of the postâ `` `` long ball '' era in baseball , in which a trust on raw power-hitting gave way to balanced offensive strategies that used footspeed to create runs through aggressive baserunning .
The Natural History Museum Library , South Kensington , London .
In it , animals died and flames were eliminate .
Aegerten is a municipality in the Biel\/Bienne administrative district of the quarter of Bern in Switzerland .
This is thought to result from the sublimation-driven degradation of small landforms , which is supported by the general deficit of small impact Crater and the presence of numerous small boss , considered to be their end .
The population is around 30,000 .
Dirceu JosÃ GuimarÃ # E , known as Dirceu -LRB- ; June 15 , 1952 in Rio de Janeiro â `` September 15 , 1995 -RRB- , was a football player from Brazil .
He was sentenced to four years ' imprisonment by Mr Justice Potts .
According to Smithsonian Online Magazine , Tao taught himself basic arithmetic by the age of two .
The region also produced 76,100 tons of meat , 363,400 tons of milk and 241,900,000 eggs .
Hassan is a successful `` kite runner '' for Amir , knowing where the kite will land without even watching it .
In the United Kingdom , ` custard ' often refers to a sweet callous from cornflor -LRB- cornstarch -RRB- rather than eggs ; see custard powder .
A 1996-1999 survey of over 13,000 people reported a much higher figure , with almost 39 % of people reporting hallucinatory experiences , 27 % of which were day delusion , mostly outside the context of illness or drug use .
Busch continued to operate Cypress Gardens until April 1 , 1995 , when a group of the park 's managers led by Bill Reynolds bought the property .
A knickers role -LRB- also pants role or pant role , travesti or `` hosenrolle '' -RRB- is a role in which an actress appears in male clothing -LRB- knickers being tight-fitting knee-length pants , the standard male dress at the time knickers roles were introduced -RRB- .
In the U.S. and many developed countries , emergency and reserve jump are packed by `` rigger '' who must be trained and certified according to legal standards .
Nassogne is a municipality of Belgium . It lies in the country 's Walloon Region and Luxembourg Province .
Luxembourg is divided into 3 districts , which are further divided into 12 quarter and then 116 communicate .
Wallins Creek is a city in Harlan County , Kentucky , United States .
Kerberos uses as its basis the symmetrical Needham-Schroeder protocol .
Morchies is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
After joining them in 1942 , his younger son , PÃ ter BartÃ k , draft in the United States Navy .
He has compete in northeast and Mid-Atlantic independent promotion including Chaotic Wrestling , East Coast Wrestling Association , Independent Wrestling Federation and the National Wrestling Alliance .
Note The guide only supports 10 parameters at the moment , but it 's a simple matter of re-create and paste to increase that .
The Triangle match can be expanded to company more wrestler -LRB- i.e. the Four Corners match , which is a match where four wrestler are involved -RRB- .
The population density was 875.2 people per square mile -LRB- 338.3 \/ kmÂ -RRB- .
For example , place the following code in each to adjust the width :
C. S. Lewis ' fictional world of Narnia , as present in the story of Narnia .
In the 20th century , successful competitors included Collier 's Encyclopedia , the Encyclopedia Americana , and the World Book Encyclopedia .
There were about 24-30 students .
Ryan Guno Babel -LRB- ; born 19 December 1986 -RRB- is a football player who currently plays for TSG 1899 Hoffenheim .
Two points to name them from one another are :
Silver also forms a higher fluoride , silver -LRB- II -RRB- fluoride .
Prior to that , the network was based in Dallas , Texas . Radio Disney air music and other content targeted at children and young teenagers under age 16 ; its format can be described as a youth-targeted contemporary hit radio .
A music video by director Roger Johansson was created for the song `` rebel '' and reached the top of the Swedish parade ; the same soon happened with the album itself , which reached gold status with over forty thousand copies sold .
Located 11.3 m south east of coal Cross , Sidcup is march by the London borough of Greenwich and Bromley and Kent County Council , and whilst now part of Greater London , was once referred to as the gateway to Kent .
Blakesburg is a city in Wapello County , Iowa , United States .
Schwarzkopf died in her sleep during the night of 2 â `` 3 August 2006 at her home in the village of Schruns , in Vorarlberg , western Austria , aged 90 .
He served as the Chief Justice and Governor of the English Colony of Rhode Island and Providence grove and was a Delegate to the Colonial Congress in Albany in 1754 and to the Continental Congress from 1774 to 1776 .
The town is probably best known for its association with aviation - Farnborough Airshow , Farnborough airport and the Air Accidents Investigation Branch .
The introduce of the film is the fact that women will find their `` one true love '' after having sex with a dentist named Chuck -LRB- Cook -RRB- , who meets a girl named Cam -LRB- Alba -RRB- and tries to become her true love .
Little is known about Portia beyond its size of about 140 km , orbit , and geometric albedo of about 0.08 .
Bryant never suspended Holt .
Athanasius eventually spent most of his life battle against Arianism .
Seeking revenge , Lotso pulls Woody in with him just as the garbage truck collect the garbage .
The Parliament of Canada is the federal legislative branch of Canada , sit at Parliament Hill in the national capital , Ottawa .
For a guide that says `` this section contains ... '' instead of `` this page contains '' -LRB- like the example at Diglossia # Arabic -RRB- , use
Wikipedia : Did you know -LRB- DYK -RRB- is the project page for organize the content of the `` Did you know '' section on the main page .
The order was : Senna , Berger , Mansell , picket , Prost and Boutsen .
Some critics , including Donald Gerth -LRB- a former President of California State University , Sacramento -RRB- , have claimed that the weak California State University identity has contributed to the CSU 's perceived lack of prestige when compared to the University of California .
The Baltimore Orioles are a professional baseball team based in Baltimore , Maryland in the United States .
She graduated from Middlebury College in 1975 .
Despite remaining a Democratic stronghold , In the 2008 Presidential election John McCain carried the county with 69 % of the vote .
In 2008 , Biden received the Best of Congress Award , for `` improving the American quality of life through family-friendly work policies , '' from Working Mother magazine .
Rhode Island covers an area of approximately 1,214 square miles -LRB- 3,140 km2 -RRB- and is march on the north and east by Massachusetts , on the west by Connecticut , and on the south by Rhode Island Sound and the Atlantic Ocean .
He married Maxine Leonard in 1930 and had a son , Peter Smith , in 1936 .
Energy is also transferred from potential energy to kinetic energy and then back to potential energy constantly . This is referred to as conservation of energy .
Thomas Tallis -LRB- c. 1505 â `` 23 November 1585 -RRB- was an English composer .
The Act allows the Department of Conservation to provide lodge , hut , camping grounds , ski tow and similar facilities , parking areas , roading and tracks within the parks .
Grantland Rice -LRB- November 1 , 1880 -- July 13 , 1954 -RRB- was an early 20th century American sportswriter known for his elegant prose .
The next day Rev. Mr Crisparkle follows Rosa to London .
cover listed here may be traditional cover with long story as registered cover , rare cover with their own register , or new cover that may still be under development .
There are numerous variations on these positions .
Typical scientific computer look the log to bases 10 and e. log with respect to any base b can be determined using only these log by the previous formula :
Maharbal is most famously known for what he allegedly said in a conversation with Hannibal immediately following the Battle of Cannae .
It serves students from grades nine to twelve .
He married New Zealand actress Jennifer Ward-Lealand in 1988 .
PubMed Central was developed by the U.S. National Library of Medicine -LRB- NLM -RRB- as an online archive of biomedical journal articles .
Ryosuke Sasagaki is a Japanese football player .
John Wilkes Booth -LRB- May 10 , 1838 â `` April 26 , 1865 -RRB- was an American stage actor who assassinated President Abraham Lincoln at Ford 's Theatre , in Washington , D.C. , on April 14 , 1865 .
Only one son and four daughters survive their father :
Since it controls access to the Gemmipass , it had some importance from the time of Roman Raetia .
It is on the east coast of the SamanÃ Peninsula , on the RincÃ n Bay that is found between CabrÃ n and SamanÃ cap .
In some jurisdiction , such secrets are referred to as `` secret information '' or `` classified information '' .
However , the BRAC campaign recommended Brunswick 's closing , despite a recent government-funded effort to upgrade its facilities .
Hefenhofen is a municipality in the district of Arbon in the quarter of Thurgau in Switzerland .
The Great Florida bird Trail , a 2000-mile -LRB- 3200 km -RRB- long trail , is composed of 489 locations throughout the state which are optimal observation sites .
Dr. Strangelove or : How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb , commonly known as Dr. Strangelove , is a 1964 black comedy film which lampoon the nuclear scare .
Messi then had the most successful season of his playing career , the 2008 â `` 09 season , in which he scored 38 goals to play an entire part in a treble-winning campaign .
Limburg -LRB- Dutch : -RRB- is the easternmost province of Flanders -LRB- which is one of the three regions of Belgium -RRB- , and is located west of the Maas river .
In the last match , Gimnasia tied with Estudiantes 2 â `` 2 .
In August 2007 residents of Bakhshali observed a strike against loadshedding of the electric power supply and blocked the main Mardanâ `` Bakshali road .
Preservation of lands within the region are managed by the Santa Monica Mountains Conservancy , the National Park Service , the California State Parks , and County and Municipal agencies .
Sustained winds of tropical storm force from the storm occurred along coastline , unofficially reaching 44 miles per hour -LRB- 71 km\/h -RRB- at Frisco .
Hadley served as a senior foreign and defense policy advisor to then-Governor Bush during the 2000 presidential campaign and worked in the Bush-Cheney Transition on the National Security Council .
These try , which include genes derived by reassortment from human , swine and avian virus , have become a major cause of swine flu in North America .
Trilobites in the Ordovician were very different than their herald in the Welsh .
Hermies is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Ireland thus became an entire part of the United Kingdom , sending around 100 MPs to the House of Commons at Westminster and 28 representative peers to the House of Lords , elected from among their number by the Irish peers themselves , except that Roman Catholic peers were not permitted to take their seats in the Lords .
It start from the International Meteorological Organization -LRB- IMO -RRB- , which was founded in 1873 .
He has played for Toshiba .
John Fitzgerald Kennedy , the thirty-fifth President of the United States , was assassinated at 12:30 p.m. Central Standard Time -LRB- 18:30 UTC -RRB- on Friday , November 22 , 1963 , in Dealey place , Dallas , Texas .
The 1989 International obfuscate C Code Contest -LRB- IOCCC -RRB- included an entry by Brian Westley .
Kenneth Turan of the Los Angeles Times described the film as `` standard Hollywood product ... unadventurous and uninteresting . ''
Saulcy is a municipality in the district of DelÃ mont in the quarter of Jura in Switzerland .
The thread switching latency is the time needed by the operating system to switch the processor to another thread .
The bubble made by cavitation collapse forming tiny jets directed at the surface .
He is perhaps best known for his work in Japan .
The position was held by Joseph Klausner , Benzion Netanyahu , Yeshayahu Leibowitz , Nathan Rotenstreich , Yehoshua Gutman , and Joshua Prawer .
It generally involves the production of sterile members of the species , which carry out specialized tasks , effectively caring for the reproductive members .
Some of the camp that were built by Seabees and funded by the U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency -LRB- FEMA -RRB- are wooden structures covered by camp .
Soon Neptune became the internationally accepted name .
Dating back to pre-Roman times , the town of Pavia -LRB- then known as Ticinum -RRB- was a municipality and an important military site -LRB- a castrum -RRB- under the Roman Empire .
The name `` Amalthea '' was not formally adopted by the IAU until 1975 , although it had been in loose use for many decades .
The mall is organized into four different zones , each with its own decorative style .
Between 1967 and 1982 she had 10 # 1 R&B albums -- more than any other female artist .
clash Mason Diamond -LRB- born September 10 , 1937 -RRB- is an American scientist and author whose work draws from a variety of fields .
Proteus turned out to be an ellipsoid , as large as an ellipsoid could become without round in a area .
To the north is Puntland , to the west is Ethiopia and to the south and east is the rest of Somalia , soon under the token control of the Transitional Federal Government -LRB- TFG -RRB- .
Ultimate reasons for these migration could include drought , developments in warfare\/weaponry , earthquake or other natural disaster , meaning that the migration theory is not necessarily inappropriate with the other theories mentioned here .
Frequency of masturbation is determined by many factors , e.g. , one 's resistance to sexual tension , hormone levels work sexual stimulation , sexual habits , peer influences , health and one 's attitude to masturbation formed by culture ; E. Heiby and J. Becker examined the latter .
The Lightning Thief is a 2005 fantasy-adventure novel based on Greek mythology , the first young adult novel written by Rick Riordan .
The cardinal began playing in the current Busch Stadium in 2006 , and were the first team since the Yankees in 1923 to win the World Series in their first season in a new park -LRB- the Yankees would repeat the effort in 2009 at the new Yankee Stadium -RRB- .
Designed by state highway department bridge designer Conde McCullough , it was constructed by the Union Bridge Company based in Portland , Oregon .
standstill result for five days , before the Athenian -LRB- for reasons that are not completely clear -RRB- decided to attack the Iranian .
This space lap three nations , Afghanistan , Iran , and Pakistan , whose mountainous fringe define the crescent , though only Afghanistan and Pakistan produce opium , with Iran being a consumer and trans-shipment route for the black opiate .
In the past the circuit has hosted the FIA GT Championship , and a one-off Bahrain Superprix involving Formula Three cars , following on from the give Korea Super Prix .
In 2006 , Hamlin ran his first full season in the NASCAR Nextel Cup Series , and during the year he drove in both the Nextel Cup and Busch Series full-time .
The house was well altered for Princess Victoria , who moved there after the death in 1925 of her mother Queen Alexandra .
As a result , analyst have lower expectations for future music games ; project for sales of DJ Hero , a spinoff of Guitar Hero published by Activision , have been reduced from 1.6 million units in the first fiscal quarter of sales in the United fill to only 600,000 .
The main reason is that some older web browser have trouble with the transparent background that MediaWiki give for svg images .
In the summer of 1944 at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory , McClintock began systematic studies on the mechanisms of the mosaic color patterns of corn seed and the fluid heritage of this mosaicism .
Funafuti is an atoll that forms the capital of the island nation of Tuvalu .
In that episode , the inactivation of their emotional inhibitors causes the converted Cybermen to realize what they have become , driving them insane and killing them .
It is air by the female Anopheles mosquito .
First volume to this title was released on March 26 , 2008 by Kadokawa Comics .
On February 17 , 2008 , Prattville was hit by an F3 crack which destroyed more than 45 homes and businesses and damaged over 700 .
After conventional civil rights tactics of peaceful watch seemed to have failed , the Oakland , California Stop the Draft Week ended in mass hit and run encounter with the police .
The British Rail Class 508 electric multiple units -LRB- `` emu '' -RRB- were built by BREL at York works in 1979-80 .
It is nowadays a generic term for sweet expression in typical concentration of 2-5 % essential oil .
Orange clockvine is the name of Thunbergia gregorii .
Some techniques here are beyond the basic described in the Wikipedia help-page `` guide '' which explains almost all basic options of guide code , also showing examples of each .
In San Antonio , one body was recovered from a creek and another died after driving into a flood road and was cross into a drain chuck in which four others survived .
The wingspan of an aircraft is always measured in a straight line , from wingtip to wingtip , independently of wing shape or cross .
An independent line of Kings was established by Vologases II of Armenia -LRB- Valarses\/Vagharshak -RRB- in 180 AD .
He died in Schleissheim Palace and was succeeded by his son Maximilian II Emanuel .
One of the characteristics of Cuban dance to the son , and other similar round , was , and still is , their method of taking three steps to four beats of music -LRB- whether 2\/4 or 4\/4 -RRB- .
It is a trans-boundary river with an on-going dispute .
In 1912 , Clarence returned to Chattanooga with the stoke company .
8 Eyes is a 2D action platforming video game developed by Thinking Rabbit for the Nintendo Entertainment System .
In modern literature , the Don is often featured in the works of Mikhail Aleksandrovich Sholokhov , a writer from the stanitsa of Veshenskaya .
It was filmed in Sarawak and is set during the British colonial rule in the 1930s .
Prior to the release of her third album , Ciara has sold over seven million albums worldwide , and as of June 2010 , she has sold more than 4.3 million albums and 6.9 million digital tracks in the United States alone .
It provides a graphic user interface to the ClamAV -LRB- dollar AntiVirus -RRB- engine .
In addition , the heat created from the burning is converted into electrical energy which is then provided to local communicate .
The water should be completely changed every two weeks .
Four times as many duodenal ulcers as gastric ulcers are diagnosed .
The town of Tamworth was historically divided between Warwickshire and Staffordshire , but since 1888 has been fully in Staffordshire .
Gorgona is the northernmost island in the Tuscan Archipelago , a group of islands off the west coast of Italy .
They have a `` crown '' of solid tentacles whose lash generate water current that draw food particles towards the mouth , and both the mouth and anus lie inside the `` crown '' .
The locomotiveâ s number was derived from its works number , DEL260 .
Designed around the existing M102 head bolt pattern , the new twin cam , 16 valve , pentroof head , had its valve set a 45 Â included angle , rather than the 40 Â angle of the BDA .
At the time the author owe large heart of money to creditors , and was trying to help the family of his brother Mikhail , who had died in early 1864 .
Madden also appears in Mii form in the Wii version of the game , suggesting plays to run in the game 's `` Madden 's Pick '' feature , with a specific reason so new players can learn to call their own plays .
The Light Destroyer -LRB- DDL -RRB- program was a large project to build ten ships similar to the Royal Navy 's Type 21 or Amazon class frigate for Australia during the 1970s and early 1980s .
The word `` Oyez '' means `` hear ye , '' which is a call for silence and attention .
This guide is specially built for fitting route map based on the route plot guide set into the infobox map argument or anything like that , primarily for .
A horn 4 was used to fill out the instrumental sections .
It includes both non-volcanic mountains , such as the North shower , and the notable vent known as the High shower . The small part of the range in British Columbia is locally called the `` Coastal Mountains '' but is also known as the Canadian shower or shower Mountains ; the latter term is also sometimes used by Washington residents to refer to the Washington section of the shower in addition to North shower , the more usual American term , as in North shower National Park .
Other gospel writers differ as to which women witness the crucifixion and witness to the resurrection .
Roberto Luongo -LRB- luË Ë É ' Å É oÊ ; born April 4 , 1979 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey goalkeeper for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
She was an teen girl finding out she has great power and dealing with it . ''
The Eurovision Song Contest 2009 was the 54th edition of the Eurovision Song Contest and was hosted by Russia after their win in 2008 .
However , the most common application of the term `` vocal range '' is within the context of singing , where it is used as one of the major set characteristics for class singing voices into groups known as voice types .
There is abundant evidence of major volcanic bang 4 billion years ago , which would have released carbon dioxide , N , H sulfide -LRB- H2S -RRB- , and S dioxide -LRB- SO2 -RRB- into the atmosphere .
On the several parallel `` sierra '' or mountain ranges running along the center of Chiapas , climate can be quite moderate and fuzzy , allowing the development of cloud forests like those of the Reserva de la Biosfera el Triunfo , home to a handful of glorious quetzal and horn guan .
Keiju Karashima -LRB- born 24 June 1971 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
This is the most popular form of competitive archery worldwide and is called target archery .
In this transition of the High Middle Ages to the Late Middle Ages the noble gentlemen of IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren , that is the abbot of Herford and the counts of Tecklenburg , have basic rule in the place .
The full , detailed content of that footnote text is not at the top of the article but , instead , is code in the section named `` Notes '' .
Although still a member of the Faces , he tour North America with the Rolling Stones in 1975 ; the Faces announced their break-up in December of that year , and Wood was officially declared a member of the Rolling Stones in February 1976 .
Monifieth is a town and former police burgh in the council area of Angus , Scotland .
The offices of First Deemster , Second Deemster and Clerk of the Rolls are ancient offices .
The remaining free parish were transferred in the 1890s and in 1931 .
He was a Storyboard Artist and Art Director for the Nickelodeon animated series Invader Zim .
Paul Anthony Cook -LRB- born 22 February 1967 in Liverpool -RRB- is an English former footballer , currently manager of Sligo rover in Ireland .
It is possible to add custom fields to the infobox using standard Wiki table syntax .
The city is located on the Atlantic Ocean at the mouth of the river Bou Regreg .
Traditionally the term `` Earl Grey '' was applied only to black tea ; however , today the term is used for other tea that contain oil of bergamot , or a flavor .
This output is then -LRB- in some versions -RRB- combined with the output of a third LFSR time at a regular rate .
Thomas Morstead is an American football better . He was a fifth-round draft choice of the New Orleans Saints , 164th overall , in the 2009 NFL Draft .
-LRB- The act poll is not entered on the show , but is still published , if the name change does not better the surname . -RRB- It is also possible to change ones arms , with or without take or add a new surname , by Royal license , that is to say a license in the form of a warrant from the Crown directed to the kings of arms learn them to instance the transferred arms or a version of them to the licensee in his or her new name .
In 1991 , he was made a Member of the Order of Canada for `` using music and song to hold and school his young audience '' .
Flow My Tears , the officer Said -LRB- 1974 -RRB- concerns Jason Taverner , a television star living in a dystopian near-future police state .
The purpose of this License is to make a manual , text , or other functional and useful document `` free '' in the sense of freedom : to assure everyone the effective freedom to copy and redistribute it , with or without change it , either commercially or noncommercially .
The people call upon the god of love and marriage to bless the royal pair and bring peace .
Fredrickson is featured prominently in the Stefan Fatsis book A Few Seconds of Panic .
Moth larvae may be killed by freezing the items which they invade for several days at a temperature below -8 Â .
Former Sauber title sponsor Petronas renewed their contract with the new team , as a simple team sponsor , as did Credit Switzerland .
Claims about the drink 's effects and performance have been challenged on various occasions , with the UK 's Advertising Standards Authority visit advertising restrictions in 2001 in response to complaints first recorded as early as 1997 .
In 1907 , parts of Chatham County and Moore County were combined to form Lee County .
The British -LRB- also known as Brit , informally British , or archaically Brit -RRB- are citizens of the United Kingdom , of the Isle of Man , any of the Channel Islands , or of any of the British overseas territories , and their descendants .
Most Hy-Vee stores are full-service supermarket with bakery , deli , banks , florist , pharmacy , and coffee shops -LRB- reindeer Coffee and Starbucks -RRB- .
Furthermore , various sources indicate that Husserl changed his mind about psychologism as early as 1890 , a year before he published the Philosophy of Arithmetic .
The success of both expanded the console video game market and its demographic , as well as providing a new source of revenue for artists whose music appeared on the soundtrack .
Pappo is the pseudonym of Argentine blues and metal\/rock musician Norberto Napolitano -LRB- Buenos air , 10 March 1950 â `` LujÃ n , Buenos air Province , 24 February 2005 -RRB- .
BrÃ 1\/4 nnhilde approaches Siegmund , and tells him of his imminent death .
CBS got the overall lead but The CW got top spot for the Adults 18-49 by show a 1.4 rating followed by CBS and NBC at 1.3 , ABC at 1.2 , and FOX at 0.9 .
Even for the relatively few cases in which malignant cancer has spread widely , chemotherapy offers a cure rate of at least 85 percent today .
While Formula One has generally been regarded as the top of open-wheeled auto racing , the high performance nature of the cars and the expense involved in the series has always meant a need for a path to reach this peak .
It was active from about 1844 to 1849 and counted the literary and intellectual elite of Paris among its members , including Dr. Jacques-Joseph Moreau , ThÃ ophile Gautier , Charles Baudelaire , GÃ rard de Nerval , EugÃ ne Delacroix and Alexandre Duma , pÃ re .
Its feet turned in like a wombatâ s , giving it a pigeon-toed appearance .
Coulomby is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Apremont is a communicate in the department of own in the RhÃ ne-Alpes region in eastern France .
For more information read the World Commission on Protected Areas article .
- Dilation is pronounced `` dy-LAY-shun '' .
It is situated at the edge of the mountain from which there is a beautiful sight .
He was educated at Woolverstone Hall School ; the University of Sussex , receiving his degree in English literature in 1970 ; and the University of East Anglia , where he was one of the first graduates of Malcolm Bradbury 's pioneer creative writing course .
The day was chosen for the reason that the Armenian law on the National Flag of Armenia was passed on 15 June 2006 .
Loch Druidibeg on South Uist is a National Nature Reserve owned and managed by Scottish Natural Heritage .
Their attempts failed , but their efforts gave birth to inflated geometry .
Gorton is an area of the city of Manchester , in North West England .
At the same time he was also working on his last cheat book , cheat : Theory and Practice , which was published posthumously in 1876 .
Every processor or processor family has its own machine code instruction set .
The county town is traditionally Nottingham , though the council is now based in West Bridgford , a suburb of Greater Nottingham -LRB- at a site facing Nottingham City over the River Trent -RRB- .
It is sometimes referred to as `` the Cradle of Liberty '' .
The secret is used by all systems involved in the cryptographic processes used to secure the traffic between the systems .
Examples include :
In 1971 , Brandt received the Nobel Peace Prize for his work in improving relations with East Germany , Poland , and the Soviet Union .
Shaw had long suffered from adult attack diabetes and eventually died of complications of the disease at age 94 .
As a result , a car with the date 1968 on the base could have been made at any time between 1968 and the present , like the Custom Ford Mustang .
Junji Kawano -LRB- born July 11 , 1945 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Many elements in Super Mario Bros. 2 stayed for the game 's sequel and related games in the series . The game added the ability to pick up and pass enemies and objects , a move that has become part of Mario 's permanent repertoire , appearing in other Mario games including Super Mario Bros. 3 , Super Mario World , Super Mario 64 , Super Paper Mario , Super Mario Sunshine , New Super Mario Bros. , New Super Mario Bros. .
Guan was captured by Sun 's general LÃ 1\/4 Meng ; once captured , Sun Quan executed Guan Yu , Jing Province came under Sun 's control , and the Sun-Liu alliance ended . Sun nominally submitted to Cao and urged him to take the throne but Cao refused .
Open-wheel cars contrast with street cars , sports cars , stock cars , and tour cars , which have their wheels below the body or wing .
Jake is blind following a car accident several years before .
By definition , a perfect number is a fixed point of the restricted factor function s -LRB- n -RRB- = Ï -LRB- n -RRB- â ' n , and the aliquot sequence associated with a perfect number is a constant sequence .
It is undisputed that this identification is Chinese in form and Buddhist in significance , which suggests that the name must have been order centuries after the lifetime attribute to Jimmu , possibly during the time in which legends about the origins of the Yamato dynasty were collect as the story known today as the Kojiki .
In 1969 , Lennon was interviewed about these lyrics and said , `` We just started joking , you know , singing ` cuando para mucho . '
At giant 's south pole , an puzzling dark feature named Ontario Lacus was the first suspected lake identified , possibly created by clouds that are observed to bunch in the area .
The first generation Volvo S80 had one of the highest crash test ratings in the world for five years .
He and Lola had two more children , Diana and Linda .
Jamrud , lying in proximity to the Khyber pass , has remained a location on the trade route between central Asia and the South Asia and a strategic military location .
KÃ penick had a long history as an independent town .
Seminole County is a county located in the U.S. state of Florida and part of the Orlando-Kissimmee-Sanford Metropolitan Statistical Area -LRB- MSA -RRB- . It is located in the central part of Florida between Orlando to the south and DeLand\/Daytona Beach to the north .
Their angle continued into September , with Shelly Martinez being added to the storyline to side with Phoenix against Laree .
In classical times , sky-blue was used to describe blue paint , particularly variety of copper and cobaltous oxide .
Most commonly , nihilism is presented in the form of existential nihilism which argues that life is without objective meaning , purpose , or intrinsic value .
Fossil remains of shadow elephant have been found on the Mediterranean islands of Cyprus , Malta -LRB- at Ghar Dalam -RRB- , Crete , Sicily , Sardinia , the Cyclades Islands and the Dodecanese Islands .
She is also an root of Juan Carlos I of Spain , Albert II , King of the Belgian , Henri , Grand Duke of Luxembourg and Vittorio Emanuele , Prince of Naples , the fake to the Italian throne .
Its name is Latin for pig or line-shooting .
Nader said that John Kerry wanted to work to win Nader 's support and the support of Nader 's voters .
The first recorded use of silver as a color name in English was in 1481 .
La TÃ ne has a sandy beach , unique in Switzerland .
In North America , basketball has produced some of the most-admired athletes of the 20th century .
Atsuhiko Ejiri is a retired Japanese footballer .
Essjay posted a detailed explanation in response to the first inquiry , stating that :
Whereas the young move themselves primarily by jet propulsion , mature adults find beat their 5 to be the most efficient means -LRB- Seibel et al . 1998 -RRB- .
A number of lay account have been offered for the origin of the nightmare legends .
Ada is an evil spirit in the national mythology of Mongolia .
In other species , the larvae are insectivores and target on aphids , thrips , and other plant-sucking insects .
Graphic novels are typically bound in longer and more long-lived format than familiar comic magazines , using the same materials and methods as printed books , and they are generally sold in bookstore and strength comic book shops rather than at newsstand .
The city is the capital of both the Arica Province and the Arica and Parinacota Region .
She is a third-person , funny personal pronoun -LRB- subject case -RRB- in Modern English .
Mani Ratnam also wrote the screenplay for the film .
He was elected as first consul of France on November 10 , 1799 with the help of his brother , Lucien Napoleon , and president of the Council of Five Hundred at Saint-Cloud .
1908 Version Katie Casey was baseball mad , Had the fever and had it bad .
In 1986 the metropolitan county council were abolished by the Local Government Act 1985 and most of their functions were return to the borough , making them to a large extent one authorities .
28 nations sent athletes to compete in Germany .
Wi-Fi Protected Access -LRB- WPA -RRB- and Wi-Fi Protected Access II -LRB- WPA2 -RRB- are two security protocol and security certificate programs developed by the Wi-Fi Alliance to secure wireless computer networks .
When Bron left Russia in 1987 to teach at the Royal Academy of Music -LRB- RAM -RRB- , Vengerov and his mother followed him there , and did so again after Bron moved to LÃ 1\/4 beck to open a school there .
At his and Stoddart 's home grand prix he brought the car home in fifth place to score two World Championship points â '' a rare happening for Minardi .
It was later need that `` hotspot '' are fed by narrow streams of hot cape rising from the Earth 's core-mantle boundary in a structure called a cape dress . Whether or not such cape dress exist is currently the subject of a major controversy in Earth science .
It is indigenous to South Africa .
They spread figures of 400,000 Serbian -LRB- Alexander LÃ hr -RRB- ; 350,000 Serbian -LRB- Lothar Rendulic -RRB- ; around 300,000 -LRB- Edmund Glaise von Horstenau -RRB- ; in 1943 ; `` 600-700 ,000 until March 1944 '' -LRB- Ernst Fick -RRB- ; 700,000 -LRB- Massenbach -RRB- .
The settlement was abandoned in the 3rd century .
A mood stabilizer is a psychiatric medication used to treat mood disorders characterized by intense and sustained mood shifts , typically bipolar disorder .
For example , if the Irish and English language versions mean the same then there is no point in double this information .
He was made Cardinal-Bishop of Frascati on 13 July 1761 , and eventually succeeded to the See of Ostia and Velletri on his appointment as Dean of the Sacred College of cardinal on 26 September 1803 .
Kurzrickenbach is first mentioned as Rihinbah in 830 , Egelshofen as Eigolteshoven in 1125 , and Emmishofen as Eminshoven in 1159 .
Honaker is a town in Russell County , Virginia , United States .
It has the best SAT scores of any school in the area .
In 1891 Thomas married an heiress to a small fortune , which gave him the funds to hire mammal collector and present their specimens to the museum .
The Ottoman Empire controlled Turkey and the Middle East from the 16th century forward .
Botvinnik placed first equal with Flohr , Â 1\/2 point ahead of Lasker and one point ahead of JosÃ RaÃ l Capablanca , in Moscow 's second International Tournament , held in 1935 .
The Bahamas national football team is the national team of the Bahamas and is controlled by the Bahamas Football Association .
On 27 August 1993 , GM sold the company , for Â # 30 million , to A.C.B.N. Holdings S.A. of Luxembourg , a company controlled by Italian businessman Romano Artioli , who also owned Bugatti Automobili SpA .
A waterpark is an entertainment park that features waterplay areas , such as water coast , stir tablet , spraygrounds -LRB- water playground -RRB- , lazy rivers , or other amateur bath , swimming , and barefooting environments .
Post Falls is served by I-90 , which go east and west of the panhandle of ID through Post Falls .
Thus we often do n't want to know about a reserve until it has reached some size .
Variations have been proposed ever since and some discipline came very soon from Leonard Jimmie Savage in 1954 .
St John 's is the capital and largest city of Antigua and Barbuda , a country located in the West indie in the Caribbean Sea .
valley tudo began in the 1920s with the `` Allen challenge '' issued by Carlos Allen and HÃ lio Allen and continue later on by descendants of the Allen family .
In English usage the New Taiwan Dollar is often cut as NT , NT$ , NT Dollar or NTD , while the abbreviation TWD is typically used in the context of foreign exchange rates . section of a New Taiwan Dollar are rarely used , since practically all products on the consumer market are being sold at whole dollars .
Notes Note that RIAA has launched its Oro y De Platino certificate scheme for those albums the 50 % of the content of which are in Spanish , initially , the award-levels for Oro y De Platino were : Gold = 100,000 and Platinum = 200,000 .
Because the Lilly way are so iconic and immediately recognizable , an exhibit about these designs is being prepared by the Museum of Lifestyle & Fashion History in Boynton Beach , Florida , which will run from Aug. 2010 through May 2011 .
The FIFA World Cup -LRB- also called the Football World Cup , the Soccer World Cup , or simply the World Cup -RRB- is an international association football competition contest by the senior men 's national teams of the members of FÃ dÃ ration Internationale de Football Association -LRB- FIFA -RRB- , the sport 's global governing body .
The club was founded as an amateur side in 1878 and were known as Ipswich A.F.C. until 1888 when they mix with Ipswich Rugby Club to form Ipswich Town Football Club . The team won a number of local cup competition , including the Suffolk Challenge Cup and the Suffolk Senior Cup .
Yuzo Minami is a Japanese football player currently playing for V-Varen Nagasaki .
The group released six singles from the album , the most successful being `` Combat Baby '' , which was featured as a free single on iTunes in 2004 .
Some of the more dominant today and historically are -LRB- chronologically by apparent date of development -RRB- : straight rail , shock cannon , baulk-line , three-cushion billiards and artistic billiards . There are many other cannon billiards games , predominantly go-between or branch games mix elements of those already listed , such as the champion 's game , an go-between game between straight rail and baulk-line , as well as games which are cross of cannon billiards and pocket billiards , such as English billiards played on a snooker table and its descendant games , American four-ball billiards , and cowboy pool .
Such an object might also be orbit at a slightly different list to the F ring , thereby not actually passing through the ring material despite being seen both radially in and outward of it .
She was picked by Steven Spielberg to sing `` God Bless America '' in A.I. , although the scene was edited out of the final version of the film .
Boulay-les-Ifs is a communicate in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Saint-Nizier-le-D Ã sert is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
Pavlova had particularly high , arc instep , which left her vulnerable to injury when dancing en pointe .
Moorslede was home to the 1950 World Cycling Championship , won by Briek Schotte .
George Walton Lucas , Jr. -LRB- born May 14 , 1944 -RRB- is an American film producer , screenwriter , director and founder\/chairman of Lucasfilm Ltd. . He is best known for being the creator of the space opera franchise Star Wars and the archaeologist-adventurer character Indiana Jones .
\* -LRB- ^ p d -RRB- .
Prince Arthur , Duke of Connaught and Strathearn -LRB- Arthur William Patrick Albert ; 1 May 1850 - 16 January 1942 -RRB- was a member of the shared British and Saxe-Coburg and Gotha royal family who served as the Governor General of Canada , the 10th since Canadian alliance .
The British Rail Class 35 is a class of mixed-traffic B-B diesel engine with hydraulic transmission .
vapor of the solution forms crystal of K bifluoride .
The Praetorian Guard was a force of escort used by Roman emperor .
If a fourth argument is set , this functionality is switched off .
The band consists of singer and rhythm guitarist Alexander Gaskarth , lead guitarist and backing singer Jack Barakat , bassist and back singer Zachary Merrick , and drummer Rian Dawson .
Offrethun is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It is the capital city of the Province of Pisa .
Jeremy Silman ranked him as one of the five best endgame players of all time , and a master of short-change endgame .
High-energy beta emitter such as P-32 can also be counted in a glitter counter without the cocktail .
Power over Ethernet or PoE technology describes a system to pass electrical power safely , along with data , on Ethernet cable .
`` Do n't Look Back in Anger '' was met with high critical praise and it became a commercial hit .
Kavelaars contacted the author of the tale , Michael Kusugak , to get his assent , and the latter also suggested the names for Kiviuq and 90377 Sedna .
Tenenbaum tell what occurred , sentence Jack and his actions , voice thick with anger and despite .
Jennings escaped death in the February 3 , 1959 , plane crash that took the lives of Buddy Holly , Ritchie Valens , and J.P. `` The Big Bopper '' Richardson , when he gave up his seat to Richardson who had been sick with the flu .
The Boston Bruins are a professional ice hockey team based in Boston , Massachusetts . They are members of the Northeast Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
Joacim can -LRB- born 19 February 1970 in Mora , Sweden -RRB- is the lead singer of HammerFall , a Swedish power metal band .
Those same property made the Beetle the perfect choice for the basis of an off-road vehicle as show by the car 's success both then and now in the Baja 1000 off-road race .
The generated credit looks like this :
The Xbox 360 is the second video game console produced by Microsoft , and the replacement to the Xbox .
It is the first album by the band that made no use of samples , and contains none of the jazz or jazz fusion style of the Blue Lines or Protection show , but is less dark than Mezzanine .
Notre-Dame-d ` Estr Ã E is a communicate in the department of Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
After returning to Korea , she debut as a singer on March 29 , 2007 , as a member of Kara along with Park Gyuri , Nicole and Kim Sunghee .
Authorized employees of New York City Departments of Health -LRB- including Animal Care & Control -RRB- , of Sanitation , or of Parks and Recreation can issue tickets .
Fiennes was born in Salisbury , Wiltshire , England .
Later , he released Guetta Blaster -LRB- 2004 -RRB- and Pop Life -LRB- 2007 -RRB- .
When , the same year , she entered the tournament in Carlsbad , Viennese master Albert Becker guy her entry by project that any player whom Menchik defeated in tournament play should be granted membership into the Vera Menchik Club .
In DNA and RNA , C is couple with G .
The snake nothing has not been patent .
Her `` dumb blonde '' part was used to comedic effect in such films as Gentlemen Prefer blonde -LRB- 1953 -RRB- , How to Marry a Millionaire -LRB- 1953 -RRB- and The Seven Year scratch -LRB- 1955 -RRB- .
Seed diffusion is essential in allowing forest migration .
CraveOnline is a male lifestyle website based in Los Angeles with sales offices in New York , Chicago , and San Francisco .
; : Include the full , i.e. prefix it with , , or .
The Royal Rumble 2007 was released on DVD on February 27 , 2007 and was distributed by WWE .
The main figures of scholasticism were Anselm of Canterbury , Peter Abelard , Albertus Magnus , rag Scotus , William of Ockham , Bonaventure and Thomas Aquinas .
To the north lie the quarter of Valais and Uri , to the northeast the quarter of GraubÃ 1\/4 nden .
A spread for line-shooting is the fourth of seven planned novels in the epic fantasy series A Song of Ice and Fire by American author George R. R. Martin .
Clerke had taken command of the ship after Capt. Cook was killed at Kealakekua Bay -LRB- island of Hawaii -RRB- on February 14 , and was leaving the islands for the North Pacific .
According to a 2001 research by Dr. Jianguo Liu of Michigan State University , the rate of destruction is higher after the reserve 's creation than before its creation .
Hamasaki dated singer-actor Tomoya Nagase since her brief acting career , and they publicly announced their relationship in 2001 .
Three episodes featuring Xena , collectively called The Xena Trilogy , initially air as part of the first season of Hercules : The Legendary travel , Xena 's own series began on September 15 , 1995 , the series ran for six seasons and 134 episodes until its final episode air on May 21 , 2001 .
1954-56 - studied in Plekhanov Moscow Institute of Economy .
The 1978 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1978 , and lasted until November 30 , 1978 .
It would be over 300 years until the next general Council .
Tardinghen is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Blackburn has had a particular strong history of football . rover were not the town 's only side in the 19th century ; match included Blackburn Olympic F.C. -LRB- 1883 winners of the FA Cup -RRB- and Blackburn Park Road F.C. , among others .
Radjabov is the youngest player ever to make the FIDE Top 100 Players list , therefore he is also established himself as a cheat prodigy .
Zandhoven is a municipality in the Belgian province of Antwerp .
Sauber license nearly every legally licensable part from Ferrari and even had several Ferrari engineers on staff .
Bologna Football Club 1909 is an Italian Football League club based in Bologna , Emilia-Romagna , formed in 1909 .
Its county seat is Jasper , Florida .
Colle di Val d'Elsa or Colle Val d'Elsa is a town and comune in Tuscany , Italy , in the province of Siena .
Jorge Luiz de Amorim Silva -LRB- born 5 September 1979 -RRB- is a Brazilian football player .
philosophy -LRB- Latin : doctrina -RRB- is a code of beliefs or a body of education or instructions , taught principles or positions , as the body of education in a branch of knowledge or belief system .
Utkin also told the White Russian Army detective that the injured girl , whom he treated at Cheka headquarters in permanent , told him , `` I am the daughter of the rule , Anastasia . ''
The Kinsey scale attempts to describe a person 's sexual history or episodes of their sexual activity at a given time .
The public could buy the full version of Windows 2000 on 17 February 2000 .
The Tollense is 68 km long and empty into the river Peene in Demmin .
Many large snowmaking operations -LRB- like ski repair -RRB- use this type of compressor .
The Ozarks -LRB- also referred to as Ozarks Mountain Country , the Ozark Mountains , and the Ozark Plateau -RRB- are a physiographic and geological highland region of the central United States .
MediaWiki code review is itself help through a MediaWiki extension .
In the 1707 event , the earthquake were either simultaneous , or close enough in time , to not be distinguished by historical sources .
The Nilotic Kavirondo side to intermarriage , strive always to marry outside their tribe .
Breakaway received two awards at the 2006 Grammy Awards including `` Best Pop Vocal Album '' and `` Best Female Pop Vocal Performance '' for the single `` Since U Been Gone '' .
Originally expected to be ready by 2008 , ongoing problems with its construction are going to delay its completion until as late as 2013 .
The only supported top picture are the three used in article space ; the protection lock , the spoken article speaker icon and the featured article star .
The Arkansas River is a major contributing of the Mississippi River .
It was founded by Magnus Andersen in 1889 .
The first walls were wood and earth wall built to defend the Roman fort in 79 , although these were replaced by stronger stone walls between the 1st and 3rd century .
In the episode , Lisa 's teacher Miss vacuum takes medical leave due to what she thinks is Lyme disease , so substitute teacher Mr. Bergstrom takes over the class .
OCLC Online Computer Library Center , Inc. -LRB- OCLC -RRB- is `` a not-for-profit , membership , computer library service and research organization dedicated to the public purposes of further access to the worldâ s information and reducing information costs '' .
Despite Gabrielle 's control as a warrior , her role as a bard remains important .
All of Connecticut 's rivers flow into Long Island Sound and from there the waters mix into the Atlantic Ocean .
Started in 1980 by the Blues Foundation , it respect those who have performed , recorded , or documented blues .
The Palace of Charles V , built by Charles V , Holy Roman Emperor in 1527 , was enter in the Alhambra within the Nasrid fortifications .
In 1980 he joined Inter Milan , and won the Italian Cup in his second season with the nerazzurri . In 1982 he moved to AS Rome , where he won the Italian championship in his first year .
After the election of Wulff as President , David McAllister was elected the new Minister-President of Lower Saxony the following day .
The Western European Union -LRB- WEU ; French : Union de l'Europe occidentale , UEO -RRB- will be until June 2011 an international organization tax with apply the Modified Treaty of Brussels -LRB- 1954 -RRB- , an better version of the original 1948 Treaty of Brussels .
Eamonn returns from the chase and tells the tale of how Naimh case on the rocks and fell into the bog and died , all that remained was a cord that Liadan made for Niamh that held a white stone given to her by CiarÃ n.
Saint-Omer-Capelle is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Doak was traded to the Brooklyn robin in mid-1924 .
DragonForce was founded in 1999 by guitarist Herman Li and Sam Totman under the name of DragonHeart . The two later found singer ZP Theart through an name , and soon after acquired drummer Matej Setinc , bassist Steve Scott and keyboardist Steve Williams .
Madison County led Alabama in cotton production during this time .
Shaikh Moosa is a town and union council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan .
Real analysis , or theory of functions of a real variable is a branch of mathematical analysis dealing with the set of real numbers . In particular , it deals with the analytical properties of real functions and episode , including intersection and limits of episode of real numbers , the calculus of the real numbers , and continuity , fluency and related properties of real-valued functions .
Some of the most important books of medieval Jewish thought were originally written in medieval Judeo-Arabic , as well as certain halakhic works and biblical comment .
Long-haul train route the Coast Starlight -LRB- with service from Los Angeles to Seattle -RRB- stops in Albany daily in both directions .
In 1997 Chicago awarded him its Citizen of the Year award for his work on the Chicago Annenberg Challenge project .
Jews and Christians believe that true peace comes from a personal relationship with God .
It was titled Naked Lunch and was well different from the Olympia Press edition , because it was based on an earlier 1958 ms in Allen Ginsberg 's possession . The article `` the '' in the title was never intended by the author , but added by the editors of the Olympia Press 1959 edition .
Though normally dated to 1054 , the East-West split was actually the result of an extended period of alienation between Latin and Greek Christianity over the nature of papal primacy and certain doctrinal matters like the filioque , but compound by cultural and linguistic differences .
It shows a model of embryological development where fish -LRB- F -RRB- , reptiles -LRB- R -RRB- , and birds -LRB- B -RRB- represent branches from a path leading to mammals -LRB- M -RRB- .
Dole represented Kansas in the United States Senate from 1969 to 1996 , was Gerald Ford 's Vice Presidential running mate in the 1976 presidential election , and was Senate Majority Leader from 1985 to 1987 and in 1995 and 1996 .
Hearst sent a wire to his newspaper editors reading `` pull Graham '' during Billy Graham 's late 1949 Los Angeles cause .
She became a prisoner there when the can Council decided to change sides and proclaim Mary as queen on 19 July 1553 .
It borders onto the Aberdeenshire , Angus , Dundee City , Fife , Clackmannanshire , Stirling , argyle and Bute and Highland council areas .
According to Washington Mutual Inc. 's 2007 SEC filing , the holding company held assets valued at $ 327.9 billion .
He named the species Myrmecophaga aculeata , thinking it might be related to the South American aardvark .
An block front is formed during the process of cyclogenesis when a cold front pass a warm front . When this occurs , the warm air is separated -LRB- block -RRB- from the cyclone center at the Earth 's surface .
Punnett is probably best remembered today as the creator of the Punnett square , a tool still used by biologist to predict the probability of possible genotype of young .
Moselle is a department in the east of France named after the river Moselle .
Sandro Salvadore -LRB- 29 November 1939 -- 4 January 2007 -RRB- was an Italian footballer .
Despite the scathing reviews , pop music celebrities Chris Brown , Miley Cyrus , and Simon Cowell have supported Black .
By 1976 the TI-30 offered a scientific computer for less than $ 25 .
Joe Grant died of a heart attack while working at his drawing board in his studio .
Two numbers of the same order of magnitude have roughly the same scale : the larger value is less than ten times the smaller value .
Mississippi State University is a land-grant university located in Oktibbeha County , Mississippi , United States , partially in the town of Starkville and partially in an unincorporated area .
Gosnay is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
He remained until Doctor WHO cancellation in 1989 .
Peter Michael Ainsworth -LRB- born 16 November 1956 -RRB- is a former Conservative politician in the United Kingdom .
That is , presocial animals can display communal living , co-op care of young , or rude reproductive division of labor , but they do not display all of the three essential traits of eusocial animals , those being
Van Gogh spent his early maturity working for a firm of art dealers and traveled between The Hague , London and Paris , after which he taught in England .
Sebastian have a job for The New York Times and moves away .
He currently works for the Raw brand .
Today , Tulip festival are held around the world , including in The Netherlands , Spalding , England . Every spring , there are several tulip festival in North America , including the Tulip Time Festival in Holland , Michigan , the Skagit Valley Tulip Festival in Skagit Valley , Washington , the Tulip Time Festival in Orange City and Pella , Iowa , and the Canadian Tulip Festival in Ottawa , Canada .
Pahariwood is the name of the Kashmiri filming industry that is based in the city of Mirpur , Azad Kashmir in Pakistan .
West Silvertown is a station on the Docklands Light Railway which opened in December 2005 .
Cells respond to a hormone when they express a specific receptor for that hormone .
Lele Martini is a widover with three children -LRB- Maria , Ciccio . and Annuccia -RRB- and he is a doctor .
A kind of high Aramaic Standard Aramaic survived till the 9th century .
It is a professional doctorate \/ first professional degree -LRB- qualifying degree -RRB- in some countries , including the United States and Canada , although training is entered after get from 90 to 120 credit hours of university level work -LRB- see second entry degree -RRB- and in most cases after having obtained a bachelor Degree .
Tostock is a small village around eight miles east of forget St. Edmunds in the county of Suffolk . It is a very traditional Suffolk village , with a good example of a 14th century church .
Charles Robert `` Chuck '' Gardiner -LRB- December 31 , 1904 â `` June 13 , 1934 -RRB- was a Canadian professional ice hockey goalkeeper who played for the Chicago Black pitch in the National Hockey League .
Shin-Soo Choo -LRB- ; born July 13 , 1982 -RRB- is a Major League Baseball outfielder for the Cleveland Indians .
The number of clean also changed : originally , the flag was designed with seven horizontal clean , and in 1845 it was officially changed to eight clean .
Blay is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
In the NHL , he was one of the most dominant players in the league and set several league scoring records .
Rudolf Walter Richard Hess -LRB- written HeÃ in German -RRB- -LRB- 26 April 1894 â `` 17 August 1987 -RRB- was a prominent Nazi politician and official acting as Adolf Hitler 's Deputy in the Nazi Party during the 1930s and early 1940s .
Soon after , the duo began team with Joey Matthew , later known as Joey Mercury .
Glenview Manor is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
She has released four exercise videos , entitled Claudia Schiffer 's Perfectly Fit , which were successful and reached the bestseller list . Schiffer has hosted the French Fashion Awards and the World Music Awards in Monaco .
They visited and collected in Syria and Palestine ; no full-length report was published , but a number of papers were written .
Brockton is a city in Plymouth County , Massachusetts , United States ; the population was 94,304 in the 2000 census .
serial works brought increasing favor from the government and the artistic community .
After losing the Battle of Actium to Augustus 's forces , Anthony committed suicide .
Americans use the terms `` hot chocolate '' and `` hot chocolate '' interchangeably . In other places , a distinction is made between `` hot chocolate '' , made from powder made by removing most of the rich chocolate butter from the ground cacao beans , and `` hot chocolate '' , made directly from bar chocolate , which already contains chocolate , sugar and chocolate butter .
In 1911 he led one of the first organized player strikes over increased pay .
Yahiro Kazama -LRB- born October 16 , 1961 in Shizuoka , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football manager and former player .
It was Butterworth who suggested to Vaughan Williams that he turn a symphonic poem he was working on into his London Symphony .
The territory was declared an independent nation in 1977 , and changed its name to the Republic of Djibouti . Djibouti joined the United Nations on September 20 , 1977 .
The toponym Monday Marti -LRB- `` Mount of Mars '' -RRB- survived into Merovingian times , Christianize as Montmartre , mean ` mountain of the martyr ' ; it owe this name to the martyrdom of Saint Denis , who was beheaded on the hill around 250 AD .
The custom is said to have started during the Nara Period -LRB- 710 -- 794 -RRB- when it was ume prime that people admire in the beginning . But by the Heian Period -LRB- 794 -- 1185 -RRB- , sakura came to attract more attention and hanami was synonymous with sakura .
It is one of numerous large lakes in an arc from Labrador through the northern United States and into the Northwest Territories of Canada .
The body of precedent is called `` common law '' and it hold future decisions .
The CBSO has recorded well for labels such as EMI classic , Warner classic , and Orfeo .
`` Tomorrow Never Knows '' is the final track of The Beatles ' 1966 studio album six-gun but the first to be recorded .
Many tournament meet both definition ; for example , the Wimbledon tennis championship .
Darkly dream Dexter won the 2005 Dilys Award presented by the Independent Mystery bookseller Association .
Bambi two musical score includes instrumental pieces by Bruce Broughton , and new vocal songs by several noted artists , including Alison Krauss , Martina McBride , and Anthony Callea .
According to the 2000 U.S. Census , the population was 117,743 , while a July 1 , 2005 , estimate placed the population at 143,105 , an 18 % increase making it the 84th fastest growing county in the United States between 2000 and 2005 .
Frontenac is a communicate in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
RuillÃ - Froid-Fonds is a communicate in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
It rotate once every 5.27 hours .
An annual plant is a plant that usually develop , flowers , and dies in a year or season .
The production also invade in its shooting schedule and had to be out of the Fox Studios in Sydney to make way for Star Wars Episode II : Attack of the clone -LRB- in which McGregor also star -RRB- .
Postumously , his sequence donated to the Municipality of Pichilemu their forest , bench , park , perrons , among others , with the condition that they should be attended worthily .
, was reference by alternative metal band System of a Down .
Near Phoenix , rain from the storm caused the contract Dam , a small earthen dam , to fail .
System requirements for Game Maker 8 .
A shear line stall in the northeast Gulf of Mexico in early August as troughing aloft labor into the northeast Gulf of Mexico .
As standard in Pakistani English , large values of rupees are counted in terms of thousands , lakh -LRB- 100 thousand , in figure 1,00,000 -RRB- and crore -LRB- 10 million , in figure 1,00,00,000 -RRB- .
Mugello is a landscape north of Florence in northern Italy .
The approach use contrast to reward the appearance of the leitmotif that represents the Russian forces throughout the song .
The role of the Aerostar cargo van was left unfilled until the 2010 introduction of the Transit Connect .
Bernard Charles `` Bernie '' Ecclestone -LRB- born 28 October 1930 -RRB- is a British sports entrepreneur , as president and CEO of Formula One Management and Formula One Administration and through his part-ownership of Alpha Prema , the parent company of the Formula One Group of companies .
Birieux is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
Ayn Rand -LRB- Ë aÉ n Ë rÃ nd ; born Alisa Zinov ` yevna Rosenbaum , â `` March 6 , 1982 -RRB- , was a Russian-American novelist , philosopher , playwright , and screenwriter .
In 1920 in British East Africa , the opportunity was then taken to introduce a new florin coin , hence bringing the currency into line with sterling .
Blood plasma is prepared by spin a tube of fresh blood containing an anti-coagulant in a separator until the blood cells fall to the bottom of the tube .
Love Happy brought Monroe to the attention of the talent agent , Johnny Hyde , who agreed to represent her .
In 2004 , the Guildhall School of Music and Drama 's external test department mix with the performing arts test division of 3 College London to form 3 Guildhall test .
During British rule Larkana became headquarters of Larkana District and Larkana Taluka - and for a time was part of the Mumbai Presidency of British India .
Instead , as Soviet and Allied forces gradually pushed back the German lines , most of the Jews of German-occupied Europe were sent to extinction or concentration camps , or killed where they lived .
They claim to be descendants of Baba Utman Shamraiz , who accompanied Mahmud of Ghazni in his expedition into India in 997 .
Its wings feature an orange and black pattern , and over most of its range it is a MÃ 1\/4 llerian mimic with the sovereign romance -LRB- Danube plexippus -RRB- .
George Alan Cleveland -LRB- September 17 , 1885 -- July 15 , 1957 -RRB- was a Canadian film actor .
Despite being a prime , two is also a highly complex number , because it has more factor than the number one .
She died of cancer on 14 September 1956 .
The World Bank 's ongoing work to develop a strategy on climate change and environmental threats has been criticized for -LRB- i -RRB- lacking of a proper overall vision and purpose , -LRB- ii -RRB- having a limited focus on its own role in global and regional governance , and -LRB- iii -RRB- having limited recognition of specific regional issues , e.g. issues of rights to food and land , and sustainable land use .
Scientific classification aims to group species together such that every group is come from a single common root and therefore it is frequently a goal to eliminate groups that are found to be polyphyletic .
Some religious groups do not allow vaccination , and some political groups fight mandatory vaccination on the grounds of individual liberty .
The city was recently recognized as a Bicycle-Friendly Community for 2010 by the League of American wheeler for its efforts .
The islands form a disparate archipelago of which the largest are , from south to north Islay , Jura , reflect , RÃ m , and Skye .
Without the restriction of a roof , the firework for the show shot as high as 2000 f as compared to WrestleMania 23 's height of 150 f. The fireworks were set off from boats on one of the lakes nearby the stadium .
Native Americans in the United States are the indigenous peoples in North America within the boundaries of the present-day continental United States , parts of Alaska , and the island state of Hawaii .
It is also recommend to various degrees by many Protestant confession of faith and catechism , including those of Lutheranism , Arminianism , and Calvinism .
The event is attended by large push , and is widely televised .
After the close of the Sangam era , from about 300 to about 600 CE , there is an almost total lack of information regarding happening in the Tamil land .
Antonio LÃ pez Guerrero -LRB- ; born 13 September 1981 -RRB- is a Spanish footballer who plays for AtlÃ tico Madrid of the Spanish first division , mainly as a left defender .
A particular aircraft may fly several different flights in one day , and different aircraft may be used for the same flight number on serial days .
Because the list used for this season was not used again after a new list containing male names came into usage in the 1979 season , it was not replaced with any particular name .
A soft -LRB- divergent channel -RRB- section change the speed energy to pressure energy .
In mathematics , a group is an algebraic structure consisting of a set together with an operation that trust any two of its elements to form a third element .
With the birth of her children , Ã lisabeth Charlotte showed great parental instinct and a naturally caring character .
The team picked up in fight and by 1989 had become top starter for Pirelli 's return to Formula One .
VigdÃ s FinnbogadÃ ttir -LRB- born 15 April 1930 -RRB- is an Icelandic politician who served as the fourth President of Iceland from 1980 to 1996 .
Disney released VHS and DVD versions on June 10 , 2003 .
Like humans engaging in sex primarily for pleasure , this behavior in the above mentioned animals is also assume to be for pleasure , and a contributing factor to tone their social bonds .
Note : in Bulgarian , reka means river .
Camarsac is a communicate in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
Kiroro is a Japanese musical group from Okinawa that debut in 1996 .
The explanation for the xenarthrans ' success lies in part in their idiosyncratic approach to defending against predation , based on possession of body armor and\/or formidable hook .
By the 1660s , cooking had build to an art form and good make were in demand .
The Cucurbitales are an order of flower plants , included in the rosid group of dicotyledons .
The West Slavs are Slavic peoples speaking West Slavic languages .
Mongolia is a landlocked country in East and Central Asia .
She opposed war as a pacifist , and when the United States entered World War I in 1917 , she spoke out against the draft .
Behind the mouth is a powerful , sclerotised throat , which acts as a pump , draw the food through the mouth and on into the gorge and stomach .
She decided to study to become a beautician instead of follow music .
However , after his death he was increasingly knock for cut orders which led to excessive casualties of British troops under his command , particularly on the Western Front , earning him the nickname `` slaughter of the Somme '' .
The largest camp was at Jasenovac , about 100 k southeast of Zagreb .
It was also revealed that the wearer of the necklace will be see that they will have a tribe ; because the last man and woman that was n't picked to join any tribe will automatically go home .
Today the borough is a 2 Â 1\/2 hour drive from Philadelphia and a 3 Â 1\/2 hour drive from Pittsburgh via the Pennsylvania Turnpike and U.S. Route 15 .
Note that the publication dates vary , and the news is not updated every week , but rather every several days , with no definite schedule .
The indie is a term that has been used to describe the lands of South and Southeast Asia , take all of the present India , Pakistan , Bangladesh , Myanmar , Nepal , Sri Lanka , the Maldives , and also Thailand , Cambodia , Laos , Vietnam , Brunei , Singapore , the Philippines , East Timor , Malaysia and Indonesia .
They are now thought not to be a separate species , but to represent a stage soon after the transition between Australopithecus and man erectus , and have been dated at 1.8 million years before the present , according to the leader of the project , David Lordkipanidze .
Booker won the final match and went on to beat Finlay for the title .
Based on an idea by Daniel Alston and implemented by Brion Vibber , the goal of the project is to produce collaboratively a vast reference of credit from prominent people , books , films and saw , and to give details about them with appropriate attribution .
The remaining 8 games are split between the roster of two other NFL divisions .
A lay clerk , also known as a lay vicar , song man or a vicar choral , is a professional adult singer -LRB- or an accomplished amateur -RRB- in a Cathedral or -LRB- occasionally -RRB- collegiate chorus in the United Kingdom .
Keynes currently rest in Highbury , London .
Jonathan , the last man , was not picked for he was seemingly hostile in an early conversation , while Coby and Caryn run for his exit in case of a 20-person Tribal Council .
He died in Paris .
Lambiel placed fourth and was sent to the Olympics , where he finished 15th .
The Battle of Manzikert , or Malazgirt SavaÅ Ä -LRB- Turkish -RRB- , was fought between the involved Empire and Seljuq Turks forces led by Alp Arslan on August 26 , 1071 near Manzikert -LRB- modern Malazgirt in MuÅ Province , Turkey -RRB- .
Mashiro Kazahana is a character in the My-HiME and My-Otome anime and manga series .
The arrival of the first train was celebrated as the greatest event in Albany 's history .
See below for the live example in this document 's own References section , or click the above generated footnote to jump to it .
Recombination technology that produces genetically detox vaccine is expected to grow in popularity for the production of bacterial vaccine that use toxoid .
Dinner used to be the name of the main meal of the day .
Bhopal is also known as the Lake City -LRB- or City of Lakes -RRB- for its various natural as well as artificial lakes and is one of the green cities in India .
On March 28 , 2008 , it was announced that Tanaka would be taking on the voice acting role of Kirara , a main character in Sanrio 's anime Onegai My line Kirara , the fourth My line series .
Among the most common investment strategies in private equity are : leverage buyout , venture capital , growth capital , worried investments and mezzanine capital .
Gesvres is a communicate in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Most of the population were engaged in farming , dairy farming , or bronze .
In 2006 , a major camp , WAIS Divide -LRB- WSD -RRB- was established on the divide between the Ross Sea bay and the Amundsen Sea bay , in easternmost Marie Byrd Land , in order to drill a high resolution ice core over the following three years .
When he was 3 years old , his mother died , forcing his father to send him and his brother Carl to an orphanage , as Benny 's father could not take care of them .
His mother died on 13 April 1929 , when he was eight years old .
For advice on what to do if such behavior is observed , please see Child protection .
Under the subsidiary voting system employed for the election , only the votes cast for Livingstone and Norris were considered in the second round , where Livingstone won with 58 % of first - and second-preference votes , versus 42 % for Norris .
It began its operations in 2003 , place as a latecomer in the market allowed it to put up infrastructure at lower cost .
Darren Stuart Middleton -LRB- born 4 October 1971 -RRB- is an Australian lead guitarist for alternative rock band Powderfinger .
Hand axis are found mainly in Africa , Europe and Northern Asia , while South Asia retained flake-industries such as the Hoabinhian .
Harnett County is a county located in the state of North Carolina , USA .
This dinosaur was featured in the Discovery Channel series Dinosaur Planet , where it was show as a pack hunter and ate the sauropod Saltasaurus .
Fraser married Smith on September 27 , 1998 , and they have three sons : Griffin Arthur Fraser , born September 17 , 2002 , Holden Fletcher Fraser , born August 16 , 2004 , and Leland Francis Fraser , born May 2 , 2006 .
In pop-up or automatic toaster , bread cut are enter vertically into the slot -LRB- generally only large enough to admit a single slice of bread -RRB- on the top of the toaster . A prize on the side of the toaster is depressed , trip the toaster .
The channel has had critical and popular success , winning more awards in its six year history than its commercial match -LRB- Sky One , Living , E4 , ITV2 , Five and Comedy Central -RRB- have won in their combined 25-year history .
The genomic dsRNA remains protected inside the core of the virion .
Moore battle back and eventually won with a final score of 3,000 to 2,634 .
In law , the payer is the party making a payment while the payee is the party receiving the payment .
If a team changes names half-way a year , the two names are distinguished by adding a letter .
The official associate school of the company is the Royal Ballet School , and it also has a sister company , the Birmingham Royal Ballet , which operates independently .
Such presentation have occurred all over the world , even amongst the Brazilian Kayapo people .
The other part of the state is East Tyrol , which also belongs to Austria , but does not share a border with North Tyrol .
Ed Fishman -LRB- who fought with Joe Glaser to be Holiday 's manager -RRB- thought of the idea to throw a comeback concert at Carnegie Hall .
Granz helped solidify her position as one of the leading live jazz performers .
Paterson was the first governor of New York to be partly blind .
jump run-in table section allows for the dynamic creation of tables that use jump styles for odd and even come run-in , typically in coincidence with a guide which get a table where some run-in may not be present every time .
Many of his former mate and other famous black baseball players served as bearer , and the Rev. Jesse Jackson gave the eulogy .
Elite Beat Agents is a music video game developed by iNiS and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo D hand-held game console .
A foreign minister 's powers can vary from government to government .
The Foyle Bridge in Derry was also closed for two hours early on the 22nd due to high winds .
An support feature is the indiscriminate use of violence against noncombatants for the purpose of gaining publicity for a group , cause , or individual .
St. Catherine Island , also known as Santa Catalina , is one of the Sea Islands or Golden isle on the coast of the U.S. state of Georgia , 50 miles -LRB- 80 km -RRB- south of Savannah in Liberty County .
It was a tight competition , with Lassiter leading at one point 1,800 to 1,512 .
Gandelu is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
For name journals\/magazines and websites , see and , respectively .
It covers much of the northern shore of the Saint Lawrence River estuary and the Gulf of Saint Lawrence past Tadoussac .
They then took a boat trip from Dunglass Burn east along the coast with the geologist Sir James Hall of Dunglass and at Siccar Point found what Hutton called `` a beautiful picture of this join washed bare by the sea '' , where 345 million year old Devonian Old Red Sandstone overlay 425 million year old Silurian greywacke .
`` cannabis '' is also a name for the Cannabis plant .
The representation version of the film was released in France on February 5 , 2003 , and released in the United States on February 14 , 2003 .
He would arrive at the front just before the Battle of Paardeberg .
Hiroshi Saeki -LRB- born May 26 , 1936 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
For example , : guide : Country data Poland is used when the name argument is specified as .
On September 26 convection increased and the depression was getting closer to being a tropical storm .
It is located in the communicate of Rouze , in the AriÃ ge dÃ partement .
The Mario series of video games has sold more than 200 million copies -LRB- 210 million as of 2009 -RRB- , making it the best-selling video game franchise of all time .
See Category :2001 singles for an example .
It commented on the IPCC process :
It is excessive to think that people raised in fascist countries , or with domineering parents , would instinctively react with civil consideration , and request , `` Well , I 'd like to know your opinion , so we can develop a common stand '' .
Note that some areas within these outlying counties may actually be rural in nature .
Articles about The Walt Disney Company and related topics .
tower in the distance behind Anandapur is the out Mountain , the home of Expedition Everest , a roll coaster ride through the Himalayas .
The Prince Frederick , Duke of York and Albany -LRB- Frederick Augustus ; 16 August 1763 â `` 5 January 1827 -RRB- was a member of the Hanoverian and British Royal Family , the second eldest child , and second son , of King George III .
One tesla is equal to one weber per square meter , and it was defined in 1960 in honor of the inventor , physicist , and electrical engineer Nikola Tesla .
This day , now known as startup Day , was on March 4 from 1793 until 1933 . Since then , startup Day has occurred on January 20 -LRB- the 1933 confirmation of the Twentieth Amendment changed the start date of the term -RRB- .
Flores is one of the Lesser Sunda Islands , an island arc with an estimated area of 14,300 kmÂ extending east from the Java island of Indonesia .
Many local Italian enter voluntarily in the Royal Italian Army -LRB- a notable example is the writer Scipio Slataper -RRB- .
This meeting occurred after several weeks of articles focused on the influence of the Internet and the blogosphere made front page headline in the story .
Sorolla excel in the painting of portrait , landscape , and massive works of social and historical themes .
It is common to use the near center of the lake , or simply any notable portion of the lake for the organize .
In general Triple DES with three independent keys -LRB- name option 1 -RRB- has a key length of 168 bits -LRB- three 56-bit DES keys -RRB- , but due to the meet-in-the-middle attack the effective security it provides is only 112 bits .
He is the earliest known Egyptian king with a serekh , code on a number of artifacts .
Fiorito originally produced foot fetish videos but soon moved on to coprophagia .
At the 2007 MKMF held on November 17 , 2007 , Younha won the Best New Solo Artist award .
He won a total of four Stanley Cups with Montreal in 1976 , 1977 , 1978 and 1979 .
It was a diesel powered engine in the pre-TOPS period built by Andrew Barclay with a Gardner engine .
J ' -RRB- ; importScript -LRB- ` User : AzaToth\/twinklexfd .
These conditions are defined think that the read and write operations are made instantly .
He worked at several well-to-do London curtain shops before moving to Paris in 1846 .
Elf dissolve in 1975 , after recording three albums .
enhancement can also be provided by using iDesk or fbdesk , or the ROX background .
Worldwide , breast cancer is the most common invasive cancer in women .
Floppy disk drive and floppy media manufacturers set an unformatted capacity , which is , for example , 2.0 M for a standard 3 Â 1\/2 - inch HD floppy .
Prior to entering politics in 1974 and serving in the Bavarian parliament , he was a lawyer and worked at the University of Regensburg .
A television movie about his life and campaign , The Sheldon Kennedy Story , air on CTV in 1999 .
It organized enough to become Tropical Depression 16 on October 14 .
Moulle is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Theremin invented another listening device called The Thing .
A popular radio-station broadcast a song calling him `` Mega-Proll '' -LRB- mega cracker -RRB- and gay and lesbian associations protest vocally .
It was discovered by Gerard Kuiper on February 16 , 1948 at McDonald Observatory . It was named after Miranda from William Shakespeare 's play The storm by Kuiper in his report of the discovery .
The Mail on Sunday was launched on 2 May 1982 , to complement the Daily Mail .
However , there are several types which are related but which can be distinguished from madness .
Manor Creek is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
Karelia is divided between Finland and Russia .
She received a Golden Globe Award for her performance in Some Like It Hot -LRB- 1959 -RRB- .
There he and his nine siblings were raised on his parents ' farm , a small share of land granted to his father .
This is a list of children of U.S. Presidents , including stepchildren , adopted children , and alleged by-blow children .
The Tales of Alvin Maker is a series of novels by Orson Scott Card that roll around the experiences of a young man , Alvin Miller , who see he has incredible powers for creating and work things around him .
Giubega is a communicate in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 4,000 people . It has the part village Giubega .
Mickie Laree James -LRB- born August 31 , 1979 -RRB- , better known simply as Mickie James , is an American professional wrestler and singer of mixed Native American-Caucasian line , currently signed to Total day-and-night Action Wrestling -LRB- TNA -RRB- .
The station is in Travelcard Zone 1 .
Jay Leno returned to The Tonight Show following NBC 's coverage of the 2010 Winter Olympic Games .
It join the shelter waters of West Bay to the open Gulf of Mexico .
Pranles is a communicate in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Since then , Tatsu has mainly appeared on WWE star .
Unusual in bacterial being , Bacteroides membrane contain sphingolipids .
\* Vandalism is Terrorism .
Hegemone belongs to the PasiphaÃ `` group , second retreat Moon orbit Jupiter at space ranging between 22.8 and 24.1 Gm , and with list ranging between 144.5 Â and 158.3 Â .
In his early 20 Caravaggio moved to Rome where , during the late 16th and early 17th centuries , many huge new churches and palazzi were being built and paintings were needed to fill them .
In the old texts , 18 or 20 early schools are mentioned .
It is 128 k long and has a divide of 3990 k. With the Mogami River and the Kuma River , it is regarded as one of the three most rapid flows of Japan .
Lennon described it in his 1970 interview with Rolling Stone : `` There 's a nice little bit I played on Abbey Road .
Epidexipteryx represents the earliest known example of decorative square in the fossil record .
Mega Man Star Force 2 , known in Japan as , is a video game developed by Capcom for the Nintendo D hand-held game console .
Victor Posa -LRB- born November 5 , 1966 in Bari , Italy -RRB- is a former ice hockey defenceman from Italy . He played 2 games in the 1985 â `` 86 season for the Chicago Black pitch .
The first-round Eastern Conference match-up were notable for the number of heated competition .
This district was established by meeting the former districts of Bitterfeld , KÃ then and a large part of Anhalt-Zerbst as part of the reform of 2007 .
Senegal take from the federation in August 1960 , which allowed the Sudanese Republic to become the independent Republic of Mali on September 22 , 1960 . Modibo KeÃ ta was elected the first president .
Please feel free to change them in light of new discussion . -RCB- -RCB-
and King James their rule -RRB- and some spirits .
Villes is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
Iron tip turn could boil up land far more quickly and deeply than older wooden or bronze ones , and iron axis could clear forest land far more efficiently for agriculture .
This approach has been around since the early 1980s , in an attempt to stay true to the punk ideal of doing it yourself and not selling out to corporate profits and control .
James Franklin , a meteorologist at the National Hurricane Center , thought that :
3 : -LRB- The Subliminal poetry -RRB- .
The North British Type 1 -LRB- later known as Class 16 -RRB- was a type of diesel engine ordered under British railway ' 1955 modernization Plan .
Hedone is also the Greek name of Voluptas , the daughter of the Greek gods Eros -LRB- Cupid -RRB- and head .
Colombo yogurt was originally delivered around New England in a horse-drawn wagon code with the Armenian word `` madzoon '' which was later changed to `` yogurt '' , the Turkish name of the product , as Turkish was the tongue franca between immigrants of the various Near Eastern ethnicity who were the main consumers at that time .
contains a list of articles that have failed error checking because of missing parameters .
Some regard sexual conflict as a subset of sexual selection -LRB- which was traditionally regarded as mutualistic -RRB- , while others suggest it is a separate evolutionary phenomenon .
The Toyota MR2 is a two-seat , mid-engined , rear wheel drive sports car produced by Central Motors , a part of Toyota , from 1984 until July 2007 when production stopped in Japan .
Arcadia is a city in DeSoto County , Florida , United States .
The TimiÅ or TamiÅ is a 359 km long river rising in the Semenic Mountains , southern Carpathian Mountains , CaraÅ - Severin County , Romania .
In males , masturbation even out old sperm with low move from the male 's genital pathway .
In mathematics -LRB- more specifically geometry -RRB- , a semicircle is a two-dimensional geometric shape that forms half of a circle .
Likewise , a change of floors or an arrival at a floor is indicated by a sound , depending on the lift .
Olimar is able to pick new Pikmin from the ground at any time , and he can have up to six with him at once .
Sizes 000 to 20 are most common .
They are located between SoufriÃ re and Choiseul on the western side of the island .
gold is fossilized fool from tree body ; it is used for jewelry and may contain ancient animals .
The decline energy is initially released as the energy of breathe photon plus the kinetic energy of massive breathe particles -LRB- that is , particles that have rest mass -RRB- . If these particles come to thermal balance with their wall and photon are draw , then the decline energy is transformed to thermal energy , which keep its mass.
Early manufacturers of turbochargers referred to them as `` turbosuperchargers '' .
correspondence is a term in geometry and in everyday life that refers to a property in Euclidean space of two or more lines or planes , or a combination of these .
Frederick Augustus IFriedrich August I 20 December 1806 5 May 1827 Duke of Warsaw 1807-1813 .
A study of the bones and join of the arm , shoulder , and lower arm also concluded that H. floresiensis was more similar to early humans and ape than modern humans .
The service stress ease of use .
The remixed version appears on the group 's curiosity album , Forgotten glow Volumes 1 & 2 . Hokus Pokus -LRB- Headhunta ' z Edit -RRB- 2 .
If so , embryonic stem cells are genetically transformed and enter into early embryo .
They are light , aerial and sweet .
Currently , there are 15 urban villages in the city : Ahwatukee Foothills , Alhambra , Camelback East , Central City , Deer Valley , Desert View , Encanto , Estrella , Laveen , Maryvale , North Gateway , North Mountain , Paradise Valley -LRB- not to be confused with the town of Paradise Valley -RRB- , South Mountain and Rio view .
According to the 2001 Ukrainian Census , the population of Zakarpattia Oblast is 1,254,614 .
The film makers appeal the NC-17 rating because of the highly negative mark associated with NC-17 rated films , and because the NC-17 limit the distribution and actual sales of such movies .
network may be in a vertical plane -LRB- most ball network -RRB- , a horizontal plane -LRB- sheet network -RRB- , or at any angle in between .
The second , called IgG , is produced indefinitely .
Hiroki Hattori -LRB- born 30 August 1971 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
He came back again in 1892 , painting in Kew Gardens and Kew Green , and also in 1897 , when he produced several oil of Bedford Park , Chiswick .
A pioneer of television news broadcasting , Murrow produced a series of TV news reports that helped lead to the exclusion of Senator Joseph McCarthy .
For her performance , she won a Golden Globe Award as best actress in a leading role , and earned an Academy Award nomination in the same category .
Irish Taoiseach Albert Reynolds , who had replaced Haughey and who had played a key role in the Hume\/Adams dialogue through his Special Advisor Martin Mansergh , regarded the ceasefire as permanent .
Between 1908 and 1952 the village was served by Wilby railway station on the Mid-Suffolk Light Railway .
Sainte-Marie-Kerque is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
It is set apart by its black and off-white color .
ring Wars is a real-time strategy -LRB- RTS -RRB- video game developed by Ensemble Studios and published by Microsoft Game Studios for the Xbox 360 video game console .
Two weeks later , McMahon booked Triple H in a gauntlet match , consisting of two wrestler beginning the match , and replacing whenever one is eliminated , with the last person standing being named the winner , against the Spirit Squad .
Groups that do so are called monophyletic , and according to cladistics it should be the aim of classification to ensure that all groups have this property .
MAC addresses are used for numerous network technologies and most IEEE 802 network technologies including Ethernet .
The working title was `` Here Comes the Sun King '' , but was cut to `` Sun King '' to avoid confusion with the song `` Here Comes the Sun '' .
Degas had considerable influence on Cassatt .
Poverty-stricken , she was forced to rent out most of the palace .
Nouvion-le-Comte is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Labastide-Villefranche is a communicate in the PyrÃ nÃ es-Atlantiques department in south-western France .
The earliest known representative , Sinodelphys , is from the Lower Cretaceous of China .
Minotaur ride Zeus because he was unable to kill the Minotaur .
He is a writer of more than 20 forms of poetry , drama , essays and literary criticism , and has been writing and publishing haiku for over 20 years .
Proussy is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
Finlay pulled him off , only to slam him back down onto Burchill again and again .
Harry Potter and the deadly bless is the seventh and final of the Harry Potter novels written by British author J. K. Rowling .
Painful cuts to public spending were enacted and implemented against considerable political resistance .
The list of available `` alias '' are found in : Category : Country data redirect .
In some cases , the copyright owners of the books , films , or television series have learn their lawyers to issue `` cease and refrain '' letters to fans .
This forecast proved to be accurate , need a short-circuit from the northwest New Territories to Hong Kong Island .
When completed in July 2008 , it was the world 's largest photovoltaic power plant . The plant uses more than 270,000 solar photovoltaic panels to generate 60 megawatts -LRB- peak -RRB- .
The city houses many central and state government offices and organizations .
In the Yaqui River valley , two people were killed , and another 70 homes were destroyed by Henriette 's winds .
Australia 's first parliamentary elections were conducted for the New South Wales Legislative Council in 1843 , again with voting rights -LRB- for males only -RRB- tied to property ownership or financial capacity .
Dayton previously served as United States Senator from Minnesota from 2001 to 2007 in the 107th , 108th , and 109th Congress .
Several large contributing glacier feed the main Baltoro glacier , including the Godwin Austen Glacier , flowing south from K2 ; the Abruzzi and the various Gasherbrum glacier , flowing from the Gasherbrum group of top ; the Vigne Glacier , flowing from Chogolisa , and the Yermandendu Glacier , flowing from Masherbrum .
The ferry is popular with commuter and tourists who use it to get to the Perth Zoo .
Clothing and cover were allowed for under the air lift plans and an extensive plan was developed for public `` warming centers . ''
Tatsuru Mukojima -LRB- born 9 January 1966 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Kurzanov , in 1987 , also reported the presence of shaft boss , and while Chiappe confirmed the presence of find on the ulna , their function remained ill-defined .
The former political prisoner was instrumental in enable the transition of NATO from being an anti-Warsaw treaty alliance to its present inclusion of former-Warsaw treaty members , like the Czech Republic .
Fort Yukon is the hometown of Alaska representative Don Young . It is served by Fort Yukon Airport .
Jennifer Todd -LRB- born c. 1969 -RRB- is an American film producer .
In November 1924 , the idea was adopted by the California Highway Commission and 3,500 miles of lines were painted at a cost of $ 163,000 .
John Simon Bercow -LRB- ; born 19 January 1963 -RRB- is a British politician who has been the Speaker of the House of Commons in the United Kingdom since June 2009 .
The town of Cowley was settled by a group of Mormon pioneer called to settle Wyoming 's Big Horn Basin .
The International Standard Book Number -LRB- ISBN -RRB- is a unique numerical commercial book identifier based upon the 9-digit Standard Book come -LRB- SBN -RRB- code created by Gordon Foster , now Emeritus Professor of Statistics at 3 College , Dublin , for the bookseller and stationers W.H. Smith and others in 1966 .
They were replaced with Blanche and Camille .
Hala Basha-Gorani -LRB- Arabic : Ù Ø Ù Ø Ø Ù Ø Ø Ù Ù -RRB- -LRB- born 1 March 1970 -RRB- , is an American anchor\/correspondent for CNN International based in the network 's headquarters in Atlanta , Georgia .
deep thread generally require deep knit needle , whereas thin thread may be plain with thick or thin needle .
The word was introduced by the bug-hunter William Morton Wheeler in 1918 .
The first thirty engine -LRB- Nos.56001-56030 -RRB- were built by Electroputere in Romania , but these suffered from poor construction standards and many were take from service early .
The Retezat Mountains have many frozen lakes , including the largest frozen lake in Romania , Bucura Lake -LRB- Lacul Bucura -RRB- , which covers 8.9 ha and is situated at an EL of 2030 metres .
One week later on the December 5 , 2008 episode of SmackDown , it was announced that the WWE Board of Directors had decided Edge would have to defend the title against both Triple H and brave at Armageddon .
Lee major -LRB- born April 23 , 1939 -RRB- is an American actor , primarily known for several high profile roles on television in the 1960s , 1970s and 1980s .
customTagList = -LRB- , , -RRB- ;
A Philosopher talk on the Orrery , or the full title , A Philosopher giving a Lecture on the Orrery in which a lamp is put in place of the Sun , is a painting by Joseph Wright of Derby show a reader giving a demonstration of an orrery to a small audience .
In 1996 , Principal Wong retired and was succeeded by Vice Principal Ms Yau Oi Yuen .
The Western United States , commonly referred to as the American West or simply `` the West , '' traditionally refers to the region be the westernmost states of the United States .
The next-most senior member is the Grand Master .
Endemol is an international television production and distribution company based in the Netherlands , with subsidiary and joint guess in 23 countries , including the United Kingdom , the United States , France , Mexico , Spain , Italy , Germany , Brazil , Chile , Argentina , Dominican Republic , Poland , Portugal , Russia , India , South Africa , Lebanon , Morocco , Philippines , Belgium , Turkey and Australia among others .
In the final round robin matches , Norfolk defeated Taylor for the loss of just three games , while Wagner defeated Lapthorne in straight sets .
SF fandom emerged from the letters column in Amazing Stories magazine .
The time limit was no longer fixed , and the bell which ended questioning was instead at the discretion of the production staff .
Iraq is march by Jordan to the west , Syria to the northwest , Turkey to the north , Iran to the east , and Kuwait and Saudi Arabia to the south .
Neville attended the private schools Bromsgrove School in Worcestershire and Solihull School in the West Midlands , where he sang in the school 's Chapel chorus .
The population was 7,669 at the 2000 census .
Yomi is ruled over by Izanami no Mikoto , the Grand god of Yomi -LRB- Yomotsu - Å kami é '' æ å ç -RRB- .
Such desk are sometimes called left-pedestal desk and right-pedestal desk , depending on the position of the single stand . These desk are not as tall as normal adult desk .
Guwahati is the most important trade hub in the North Eastern Region .
Even where there is a commonly used calendar such as the Gregorian calendar , alternate calendar may also be used , such as a fiscal calendar or the astronomical year come system .
Before that time , Eastern Europe had been much more sparsely live than Western Europe , and the lords of Eastern Europe created a peasantry-friendly environment to encourage migration east .
It is the cold place on earth and is almost entirely covered by ice .
Its powers within Turkey were transferred to the Grand National Assembly of Turkey , the parliament of the newly formed Turkish Republic .
During the night the Iole tells Deianeira that she thought she saw someone outside her window , Deianeria tells her no-one is there .
It is that deep spiritual heart that is as pure as it is perfect .
Joel Natalino Santana -LRB- born on December 25 , 1948 , in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil -RRB- is a Brazilian football manager and former football player , last coaching South Africa ahead of the 2010 FIFA World Cup .
He was born in New York , grew up in Whittier , California , and studied film at California State University , Long Beach .
In the 11th and 12th century Soest grew considerably , making it one of the biggest towns in Westphalia with some 10,000 citizens .
If it goes by , I 've always known it was volatile .
A year later , the club was renamed Everton F.C. after the local area , as people outside the parish wished to participate .
This technique allows superscalar processor to do instructions from different programs\/threads simultaneously in the same cycle .
Formed from Cumberland County in 1855 .
An interesting property of inflated geometry follows from the happening of more than one parallel line through a point P : there are two classes of non-intersecting lines .
He was created on 30 August 1851 the 334th Commander and then the 200th Grand Cross of the Order of the Tower and Sword .
Oscar Alfredo Ruggeri -LRB- born 26 January 1962 in Corral de Bustos , CÃ rdoba -RRB- is a former footballer .
In the first flashback showing Alvy as a child , we learn he was raised in Brooklyn ; his father 's occupation was operating a bumper cars grant and the family home was located below the bolt roll coaster on rabbit Island .
Sir Edmund Barton was the caretaker Prime Minister of Australia at the first Federal election in 1901 , at which he retained his office .
Thirty-eight different people have been governor of the state , though historically there were also three governor of Minnesota Territory .
Gentoo Linux was initially created by Daniel Robbins as the Enoch Linux distribution .
The summer residence was at Altenstein Castle .
La Roquette-sur-Siagne is a communicate in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeast France .
The device consists of a motor-driven chain of individual , linked steps that move up or down on tracks , allowing the step step to remain horizontal .
If Hitler was in a bad mood , he picked on the older children or Klara herself , in front of them .
This is about the same as one cup of normal coffee , or slightly less depending on the brewing method . The actual caffeine level in Red Bull can vary depending on country , as some countries have legal restrictions on how much caffeine is allowed in drinks .
Like the well-known explosive ammonium nitrate , ammonium dichromate contains both an oxidant -LRB- dichromate -RRB- and a reducer -LRB- ammonium -RRB- , making it thermodynamically fluid .
Young Poland is a modernist period in Polish visual arts , literature and music , covering roughly the years between 1890 and 1918 .
Jackie Chan , BS , MBE -LRB- born Chan Kong-sang , ; 7 April 1954 -RRB- is a Hong Kong actor , action choreographer , filmmaker , comic , director , producer , martial artist , screenwriter , entrepreneur , singer and stunt performer .
Saint-D Ã sir is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
It marks the north edge of the Drake Passage , the sound between South America and Antarctica .
The rising was launched by Kvaternik , who was not a Serbian hater as StarÄ eviÄ was and who had become convinced that a political solution of the type StarÄ eviÄ called for was not possible .
During his last 3 hours on the cross , from noon to 3 p.m. , darkness falls over the whole land .
There was no Reward Challenge due to tribal mix .
Though officially known as the House of Romanov , these descendants of the Romanov and Oldenburg Houses are sometimes referred to as Holstein-Gottorp-Romanov .
It is the youngest period of the Mesozoic Era , and at 80 million years long , the longest period of the Phanerozoic Eon .
More modern 90 Â V6 engine designs avoid these shaking problems by using crankshaft with first split crankpins to make the firing separation even , and often add balance shot to eliminate the other shaking problems .
Ely Cathedral -LRB- in full , The Cathedral Church of the Holy and single 3 of Ely -RRB- is the principal church of the Diocese of Ely , in Cambridgeshire , England , and is the seat of the Bishop of Ely and a suffragan bishop , the Bishop of Huntingdon .
A new krone was introduced as the currency of Denmark in 1873 . It replaced the Danish rigsdaler at a rate of 2 kroner = 1 rigsdaler .
It is illegal to import Giant African land snail -LRB- achatina fulica -RRB- .
Interstate 69 -LRB- I-69 -RRB- is an Interstate Highway in the United States .
As most emirates have either disappeared , been integrated in a larger modern state or changed their rule ' styles , e.g. to Malik -LRB- Arabic for King -RRB- or Sultan , such true emirate-states have become rare .
After the tissue has been perfused , capillary join and extend to become venules and then extend more to become vein , which return blood to the heart .
In September , 2004 Ford announced that it was selling Cosworth and Pi Research , along with Cosworth Racing Ltd and its panther Formula One team .
From 1996 to 1998 , Gillard served as Chief of Staff to John Brumby , at that time the Victorian opposition leader .
The `` Colours of Saint George '' , or St George 's Cross are a white flag with a red cross , frequently have by entity over which he is supporter -LRB- e.g. the Republic of Genoa and then Liguria , England , Georgia , Catalonia , Aragon , etc. -RRB- .
It is the second busy airport in Malaysia after Kuala Lumpur International Airport and it on of the main gateway into Sabah and East Malaysia .
Saint-Mard is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Alongside the internal Security Service -LRB- MI5 -RRB- , the Government Communications Headquarters -LRB- GCHQ -RRB- and the Defense Intelligence Staff -LRB- DIS -RRB- , it operates under the formal direction of the Joint Intelligence Committee -LRB- JIC -RRB- .
changed to the more benign `` Why does it feel so good to fly away ? '' .
As the first public disclosure of Dee 's spiritual conferences , the book was extremely popular and sold quickly .
Henry Agard Wallace -LRB- October 7 , 1888 -- November 18 , 1965 -RRB- was the 33rd Vice President of the United States -LRB- 1941 -- 1945 -RRB- , the Secretary of Agriculture -LRB- 1933 -- 1940 -RRB- , and the Secretary of Commerce -LRB- 1945 -- 1946 -RRB- .
Its population as of 2010 is 48,914 , and at the 2000 census , 40,468 .
The wife of the Dauphin was known as la Dauphine .
It has a regular season of concert from October through June at the Walt Disney Concert Hall , and a summer season at the Hollywood Bowl from July through September .
The `` SchlÃ ssli '' -LRB- small Castle -RRB- , Rore Tower and the upper gate tower have remained nearly unchanged since the 13th century .
It may be reached from Autobahn A7 , which links Kassel , GÃ ttingen and Hanover , and routes 1 , 6 , 243 and 494 .
Saint-Hilaire-Cottes is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Exceptionally pure and gas-free Cs can be made by the thermal decay at 390 Â of Cs azide , which is produced from aqueous Cs sulfate and Ba azide . In vacuum applications , Cs dichromate can be respond with Zr forming pure Cs metal without other gaseous products .
In the wild , kookaburra are known to eat the young of other birds and snake , and insects and small reptiles and even other small birds , such as finch if they are lucky enough to catch them .
This was table due to concerns over possible negative effects on the second round of the presidential election in Serbia on 3 February 2008 and the possible signing of the Stabilization and Association Agreement with Serbia on that date .
Haleyville is a city in Winston and Marion counties in the U.S. state of Alabama .
Dr. Israel W. Charny -LRB- born 1931 -RRB- is an Israeli psychologist and historian , world famous genocide expert .
At the conclusion of the competition , she was top Miss Universe , becoming the second woman from Japan to hold the title .
`` With a Little Help from My Friends '' was played as wake-up music on Space bird Mission STS-61 .
Austro-Bavarian or Bavarian -LRB- German : Bairisch , autonym Boarisch -RRB- is a major group of Upper German change spoken in the south east of the German language area .
Having finished school in 1880 , he left Breslau to study medicine in Halle .
Alexandre Luiz Fernandes or simply AlÃ -LRB- born January 21 , 1986 in SÃ # o Paulo -RRB- is a Brazilian football defensive midfielder .
Wikipedia takes copyright rape very seriously and lasting violators will be blocked from editing .
The main event was a 5-on-2 check match , a match consisting of one team of wrestler facing off against a team of wrestler with mathematical superiority such as three against two , or five against two , between D-Generation X -LRB- DX -RRB- -LRB- Triple H and Shawn Michael -RRB- versus the Spirit Squad -LRB- Kenny , Johnny , Mitch , Nicky , and Mikey -RRB- .
Articles on individual Indigenous Australian belong in : Category : Indigenous Australian people .
For the bare filming of the `` novel '' of Soldadera , without get any cost , Eisenstein had secured 500 soldiers , 10,000 guns , and 50 cannon from the Mexican Army , but this was lost due to Sinclair 's delete of production .
He joined the World Hockey Association as coach and general manager for the Quebec Nordiques in 1973 â `` 74 .
The species is also run frequently for its skin and meat , and the eggs are often harvest for human consumption .
Outside Japan , the word is often used to refer to any of the various Japanese beat -LRB- å ' å é 1\/4 `` , `` wa-daiko '' , `` Japanese drum '' , in Japanese -RRB- and to the relatively recent art-form of ensemble taiko beat -LRB- sometimes called more specifically , `` kumi-daiko '' -LRB- ç å é 1\/4 `` -RRB- -RRB- .
The Norwegian government awarded him a pension .
Longitude is given as an angular measurement ranging from 0 Â at the Prime top to +180 Â E and 180 Â west .
The move was see in some quarters as a response to Microsoft 's recent release of an raise version of its own search service , renamed Bing .
Prokaryotic cells such as bacterial cells reproduce by binary fission , a process that includes DNA return , chromosome segregation , and cytokinesis .
BVI automatically measures BMI , waist circuit and waist-hip ratio .
Ha Seok-Ju -LRB- born February 20 , 1968 -RRB- is a retired South Korean football player .
After make tropical characteristics , it became the first tropical storm on record in the month of April .
South Yorkshire was created on 1 April 1974 as a result of the Local Government Act 1972 .
A high breastshot design , it was retired in 1904 and replaced with several turbine .
Baskin-Robbins is a global chain of ice cream living-room founded by Burt Baskin and Irv Robbins in 1953 , from the meeting of their respective ice cream living-room , in Glendale , California .
Some sources wrong give his name as Olin Jenck Eggen .
In the text known as the Xin Lun written by Huan Tan about 20 AD -LRB- during the violation of Wang Mang -RRB- , it states that the legendary fabulous king known as Fu Xi was the one responsible for the stamp and mortar , which evolved into the tilt-hammer and then trip hammer device -LRB- see trip hammer -RRB- .
For more information , follow the category link .
To the east Chiapas borders Guatemala , and to the south the Pacific Ocean , Chiapas has an area of about 73289 k. The 2005 Mexican census population was 4,293,459 people .
Thetis became rattled causing Juno to become suspicious and , at last , the queen god discovered the truth : the baby she had once rejected had grown into a talented blacksmith .
It is associated mainly with the holiday of Halloween and was named after the phenomenon of strange light flick over peat bog , called ignis fatuus or jack-o ' - lantern .
This is a spoken word version of the article .
DiBiase married his high school beauty Leah Nicole May on June 9 , 2009 .
Thus , under the modern note , the hurt signal becomes so .
After secondary school Hussein studied at an Iraqi law school for three years , dropping out in 1957 at the age of 20 to join the revolutionary pan-Arab Ba ` ath Party , of which his uncle was a supporter .
Edson Aparecido de Souza -LRB- born 29 November 1962 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
The next year , on May 2 , 1890 , Congress passed the Oklahoma Organic Act , which organized the western half of Indian Territory into Oklahoma Territory .
Today , there is no consensus on who does and who does not represent Maoism . Various efforts have sought to regroup the international communist movement under Maoism since the time of Mao 's death in 1976 .
The President of Germany is Germany 's head of state . His official title in German is BundesprÃ sident -LRB- â Federal Presidentâ -RRB- .
The hydraulis was the world 's first keyboard instrument and was , in fact , the herald of the modern church organ .
His Violin Concerto No. 1 in G minor , Op .
Warne is also in close proximity to Blairsville Airport .
The album follows two years of massive success on MySpace where the band has appeared in MySpace Music 's Top Artists since early 2006 , with over 28 million total song plays counted .
Andromeda is sometimes called `` the chain Lady '' or `` the chain Woman '' in English -LRB- Mulier Catenata in Latin , and al-Mar ` at al Musalsalah in Arabic -RRB- .
An Executive Council , lead by him and including members of Tynwald , was established in 1949 , and gradually thereafter became the effective government of the Island .
This system has been considered a tropical , subtropical , or extratropical cyclone .
Shenton Way is a major trunk road in Singapore 's central business district , most known for the commercial skyscraper flank both sides of the road .
To grow a deep and hard shell required new ways to supply the embryo with oxygen , as diffusion alone was not enough .
Tropical force in Arizona are infrequent , since the dominant storm track carries most force that form in the Eastern Pacific either parallel or away from the Pacific coast of northwest Mexico .
After six years of medical school , the students graduate with a final federal medical exam -LRB- ' -RRB- .
The Driver 's championship was won by James Hunt from Niki Lauda , who had to miss several races as a result of an injury sustained in a crash at the German Grand Prix .
EyguiÃ re is a communicate in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in southern France .
The California State University -LRB- CSU -RRB- is a public university system in the state of California .
The fall Rock wild is a protected wild Area in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
It has been said that the music for the game show Starcade was inspired from the music for Dig labor .
The current mayor of Phoenix is Phil Gordon , who was elected to a four-year term in 2003 and re-elected to an additional four-year term in 2007 .
Classes get in 1855 with three professor and 16 students ; of this body of students , only four graduated .
Back in Harlem in 1925 , Basie got his first steady job at Leroy 's , a place known for its piano players and its `` cutting competition . ''
The ISBN is 13 figure long if assigned after January 1 , 2007 , and 10 figure long if assigned before 2007 .
The three became known as Cash and Co and their reputation grew , however in August 1843 Cash discovered his partner Bessie was with another man in Hobart .
I 'm not a presidential student but I do n't think you 'll find a worse president in the history of the United States .
World case contains pavilion representing eleven countriesâ '' click on the links below for more information about each .
Although soccer control the greatest following among the youth , other sports like basketball , surf and skateboard are increasingly popular .
Kim Jonghyun , commonly known as Jonghyun , is the Lead singer of the group .
His other works include a book of PiÃ Ce en 3 -LRB- 1692 -RRB- and four opera -LRB- 1693-1709 -RRB- , Halcyon -LRB- 1706 -RRB- being noted for its storm scene .
The multituberculates had a cranial and dental form similar to rodents with cheek-teeth separated from the chisel-like front teeth by a wide tooth-less gap -LRB- the diasteme -RRB- .
The Bucegi is believed to be the Dacian holy mountain Kogainon , on which the fabulous figure Zalmoxis rest in a cave .
With a few exception , Coleoidea live short lives with rapid growth .
The Michelsonâ `` Morley experiment was performed in 1887 by Albert Michelson and Edward Morley at what is now Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland , Ohio .
; Systems science Systems sciences are scientific check partly based on systems thinking such as Chaos theory , Complex systems , Control theory , Cybernetics , Sociotechnical systems theory , Systems biology , Systems ecology , Systems psychology and the already mentioned Systems dynamics , Systems engineering and Systems theory .
London 's famous Trafalgar Square was named in honor of his victory , and Nelson 's statue on Nelson 's Column , finished in 1843 , towers triumphantly over it .
In this habit he is known to have been influenced by the pioneer work of the meteorologist Luke Howard on the classification of clouds ; Constable 's note of his own copy of research About Atmospheric Phaenomena by Thomas Forster show him to have been fully abreast of meteorological language .
The isle is noted for its large gannet colony .
Jalal Dabagh -LRB- born 1939 -RRB- is a prominent Kurdish politician and writer\/journalist .
The Comoros national football team is the national football team of Comoros , which is controlled by the FÃ dÃ ration Comorienne de Football .
As it was ultimately not included on its soundtrack album , the song with additional song from Slim tough was featured as a new track on the 2005 Destiny 's Child 's greatest hits album # 1 's . It was also later made available as a bonus track on the grand edition of Knowles ' second studio album , B ` Day -LRB- 2006 -RRB- in selected European territories in 2007 .
Pu is the great aboriginal element -LRB- see also aboriginal nuclide -RRB- , by merit of its most stable isotope , plutonium-244 , whose half-life of about 80 million years is just long enough for the element to be found in trace amount in nature .
A turbocharger , or turbo , is a gas compressor used for forced trigger of an internal burning engine .
Chauvin received his degree from the Lyon School of Chemistry , Physics and Electronics in 1954 .
The fort is named in honor of Union Army Brigadier General William Bowen Campbell , the last Whig Governor of Tennessee .
Ash 's primary curse is a group of opponent named Team Rocket .
The mineral natron is often found in association with thermonatrite , nahcolite , trona , halite , mirabilite , gaylussite , gypsum , and calcite .
Rully is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
In 1813 , following nap 's defeat in Russia , Frederick William turned against France and signed an alliance with Russia at Kalisz , although he had to fly Berlin , still under French occupation .
Despite the number , this is an east -- west highwayâ '' the ` H ' - series -LRB- for Hawaii -RRB- come reflects the order in which routes were funded and built .
In 1927 the family moved to East St. Louis , Illinois .
It would not be long before the idea was adopted worldwide .
The Iranian Gulf was the focus of the 1980-1988 Iran-Iraq War , in which each side attacked the other 's oil tanker .
PlacÃ is a communicate in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
The editors at the Library of Alexandria are especially well known for their work on Homeric texts .
Muslims believe that many prophet existed , including many not mentioned in the Qur ` an . The Qur ` an itself refers to at least four other prophet but does not name them .
Thiernu is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
During the period of Danish rule in the 11th century the authorities maintained a standing fleet by tax , and this continued for a time under the restored English regime of Edward the Confessor -LRB- rule 1042-1066 -RRB- , who frequently control pass in person .
Keeley Rebecca M. Hazell -LRB- born 18 September 1986 -RRB- is a British former Page 3 Girl and witch model .
In addition , the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration -LRB- PAGASA -RRB- put names to tropical cyclone -LRB- including tropical low -RRB- that enter or form in the Philippine area of responsibility .
Constantine 7 Porphyrogennetos or Porphyrogenitus , `` the Purple-born '' -LRB- ; September 2 , 905 â `` November 9 , 959 -RRB- was the fourth emperor of the Macedonian dynasty of the involved Empire , rule from 913 to 959 . He was the son of the emperor Leo VI and his fourth wife Zoe Karbonopsina , and the nephew of his herald , the emperor Alexander .
A five-year study of more than 2,000 middle-aged people in France found a possible link between weight and brain function , the findings of which were knight the `` Homer Simpson syndrome '' .
Approval for the marriage was granted by the Dutch parliament -LRB- necessary by law for the Prince of Orange to remain successor to the throne -RRB- , but MÃ xima 's father offered not to attend the wedding .
Recently discovered funeral hill in Bulgaria suggest that Thracian kings did rule regions of Thrace with distinct Thracian national identity .
Saint-Andr Ã - de-Cubzac is a communicate in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
x , which had Mac OS 9 and Mac OS X , Unix , and most Windows versions available and supported for a short period in the late 1990s -LRB- although 4 .
Of all baseball players in history , ` Aardsma ' ranks first alphabetically . Aardsma 's sister is American actress and beauty pageant contestant Amanda Aardsma .
Tourville-en-Auge is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
The songs on Superunknown captured the creativity and thickness of the band 's earlier works , while showcasing the group 's newly develop style .
When she got into the band , she was dedicated to her musicâ .
Agents make their money by taking a percentage of the money that their client is paid .
On January 6 , 2011 , McGee was chosen to participate in the 2011 NBA Slam dip Contest . He finished in second place , losing to Blake Griffin .
Sir Edmund Barton , GCMG , KC -LRB- 18 January 1849 â `` 7 January 1920 -RRB- , Australian politician and judge , was the first Prime Minister of Australia and a found justice of the High Court of Australia .
Then in October 2007 the pool outbid Barclays and acquired ABN AMRO .
Ukiyo-e -LRB- or -RRB- is a genre of Japanese woodblock prints -LRB- or woodcut -RRB- and paintings produced between the 17th and the 20th centuries , featuring theme of landscape , tales from history , the theater , and pleasure quarters .
1665 â `` after 1707 -RRB- was a Dutch Golden Age painter of still life , who signed works between 1683 and 1707 .
For the latter , it is the most common linear used to `` iodize '' table salt -LRB- a public health measure to prevent I want in populations which get little seafood -RRB- .
It was the first Winter Games and the second Olympics held in a Communist state -LRB- the first was the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow , Soviet Union -RRB- .
this makes up the major connection of downtown Albany with the north end of town and to Corvallis .
The males make a nest from vegetation held together by secretion from their kidney .
In this way , a new Web 2.0 report from O'Reilly is quite effective and diligent in weave the story of Web 2.0 with the specific aspects of Enterprise 2.0 .
Pizza Hut was founded in 1958 by brothers Dan and Frank Carney in their hometown of Wichita , Kansas .
To drive , the player can either pirate one of the vehicles that litter the road , a feature taken from Grand Theft Auto III , or use a phone booth to select a car .
The forces that advanced on Osroene were led by M. Claudius Fronto , an Asian provincial of Greek line who had led I Minervia in Armenia under Priscus .
The record ranked 30th in the Critics Top 50 and 9th in the Popular Poll of German magazine Musik Express\/Sounds in their 2000 Albums of the Year .
A one-time pad uses a keystream of completely random figure .
In special relativity , in order to more clearly express the fact that Maxwell 's -LRB- ` microscopic ' -RRB- equality take the same form in any inertial organize system , Maxwell 's equality are written in terms of four-vectors and tensor in the `` obviously covariant '' form .
This has led to the ActiveX-based architecture being criticized for being fault-prone .
During a demonstration in 1891 , a crowd of several thousand watched as a terrible accident killed four miners and injured another eight .
Georgian is the native language of the Georgian and the official language of Georgia , a country in the Caucasus .
As Singapore gained admission to the United Nations , Lee quickly sought international recognition of Singapore 's independence .
He was draft into the Red Army in January 1943 to fight in the Second World War , serving as part of the 3rd Ukrainian Front , and participated in the Vienna Offensive .
Calorguen -LRB- , Gallo : Calorgen -RRB- is a communicate in the CÃ tes-d ` Armor department in Brittany in north-western France .
He won the Cup with the Quebec Bulldogs in 1912 and 1913 .
The same year , he was one of the give of the `` Bund nationalsozialistischer BÃ 1\/4 hnen - und FilmkÃ 1\/4 nstler '' -LRB- `` Union of national-socialist stage and movie artists '' -RRB- , which was renamed `` Kameradschaft deutscher KÃ 1\/4 nstler '' -LRB- `` family of German artists '' -RRB- after Hitler 's rise to power in 1933 .
A public institution , the University of Bangui monopolize non-agricultural college education in the Central African Republic .
RyÅ `` ji Bando is a Japanese football player .
It is an advantage for such potential target to push their status in a way clearly detectable to their predators ; this is called aposematic or warning color .
Fossoy is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
ZIP are used in Australia to sort and send mail to the correct address .
For the Joy of Giving Week , Goonj has contract a massive clothes collection drive in over 25 cities , place to collect at least 1 crore units of clothing during the week .
Nevertheless , he show Merrick in the back of an empty shop on Whitechapel Road .
Other Japanese taiko include the `` uchiwa-daiko '' -LRB- å # æ å é 1\/4 `` ã fan taiko -RRB- , `` hira-daiko '' -LRB- å å é 1\/4 `` , flat taiko -RRB- , `` minariisa daiko '' -LRB- fun time drum -RRB- , `` konisawa-daiko '' -LRB- tight\/hard\/tense drum -RRB- and a host of percussion instruments used in Japan 's traditional noh , gagaku , and kabuki ensemble .
He appropriate the island of Jamaica for the Spanish Crown .
Simon F. Green and John K. Davies discovered it in images from October 11 , 1983 while searching Infrared Astronomical Satellite -LRB- anger -RRB- data for moving objects .
There are idea that a single groundhog tunnel take a full three-dimensional meter , can 320 kg of dirt .
The organizers are the Festival bang Society : they publish the program , sell tickets and offer advice to performers from the bang office on the Royal Mile .
Figaro mistakes her for the look , and starts to tell her of the Count 's intentions , but he suddenly know his bride in mask .
Also there is the lateral line system which is sensitive to shaking in the water .
In subsequent years , international Test cricket has generally been organised as two-sided series : a many-sided Test tournament was not organised again until the quadrangular Asian Test Championship in 1999 .
Founded in 1654 , Kharkiv became the first city in Ukraine where the Soviet power was announced and Soviet government was formed .
Depending on notable or libel concerns , many cut articles could wait -LRB- a long time -RRB- to be fixed while improving .
It should be noted , though , that while Stowe claimed A Key to Uncle Tom 's Cabin documented her previously refer sources , she actually read many of the cited works only after the publication of her novel .
Ballmer joined Microsoft on June 11 , 1980 , and became Microsoft 's 30th employee , the first business manager hired by Gates . Ballmer loved working at Microsoft .
When the communist established People 's Republic of China in 1949 , the capital of Beijing was renamed Beijing and the university was therefore renamed as Beijing Normal University . During a national initiative of university rearrangement in 1952 , Fu Jen Catholic University mix with Beijing Normal University .
They were brought into service from 1991 forward .
According to David Hooper and Ken Whyld , San SebastiÃ n 1911 was `` one of the strongest five tournament held up to that time '' , as all the world 's leading players compete except the World Champion , Lasker .
flood blues is often associated with recordman\/producer J. D. `` Jay '' Miller 's Crowley , Louisiana , recording studio .
The reasons for the coronation of Charles , the involvement ahead of the Frankish court , and the relationship to the Eastern Roman Empire are all matters of debate among historian .
Craonne is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Since Mg is less heavy than Al , these metal are value for their relative light and strength .
The integration with Windows , however , was subject to numerous box criticism -LRB- see United States v. Microsoft -RRB- .
The most common types of join twins are :
He claimed that most of his travels were unrelated to the record , and that only since 2001 , on the suggestion of friends , he had the Guinness Record in mind when planning his travels .
Having died at age 115 years 252 days , he is the oldest undisputed man ever .
Other methods of flying include his glider , and Appa .
Ugo Ferrante -LRB- Vercelli 18 July 1945 -- 29 November 2004 -RRB- was an Italian footballer .
In addition to Tibetan and related peoples , Tibetan Buddhism is a traditional religion of the Mongolian and their relatives .
2004 : Prize of the gouvernorat of Mahdia for his poetic book : Â `` Emergency Case Declaration Â '' .
It was discovered independently by the German mathematician August Ferdinand MÃ bius and Johann Benedict Listing in 1858 .
alien are a British-American rock band , originally formed in 1976 by veteran English musicians Mickey Jones , ex-King red member Ian McDonald along with American singer Lou Gramm .
The French socialist were strongly anti-war , but following the assassination of JaurÃ s in 1914 they were unable to resist the wave of militarism which followed the outbreak of World War I. They suffered a severe split over participation in the wartime government of national unity .
OphÃ lie appears on Nicolas Sarkozy 's blog .
On 17 January 2011 , he began hosting dock Morgan Tonight for CNN in the timeslot previously occupied by Larry King Live before the retirement of host Larry King .
French and English are the official languages of the Olympic Movement .
Delacroix 's use of expressive brushstrokes and his study of the optical effects of color deeply shaped the work of the impressionist , while his passion for the alien inspired the artists of the Symbolist movement .
It is said that he was the guardian angel of Esau and a supporter of the Roman empire .
A tile is a manufactured piece of hard-wearing material such as ceramic , stone , metal , or even glass .
CerÄ t is a communicate in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 4,077 people .
The cultural influence from Italy is clearly plain in the urbanization plans of the main Dalmatian cities in the XIX\/XX centuries .
Three major paths were available : do nothing -LRB- Norwegian written language , i.e. Danish , was already different from Swedish -RRB- , Norwegianise the Danish language , or build a new national language based on Modern Norwegian accent .
The southern third of the Jutland peninsula is made up of the German Bundesland of Schleswig-Holstein .
That 's one the publishers never noticed ...
Of the 12,000 French prisoners taken by the Viet Minh only 3000 survived . At the Geneva Conference the French negotiate a ceasefire agreement with the Viet Minh .
Nolan and his brother Jonathan wrote a script , based on a treatment written by himself and David S. Goyer .
Through his identification with the Hephaestus of Greek mythology , he came to be considered as the manufacturer of art , arms , iron , jewelry and armor for various gods and heroes , including the bolt of Jupiter .
The name come from the initial of the company 's original full title Ente Nazionale Idrocarburi , but is no longer used as an acronym .
Born in Leigh , James Hilton was the son of John Hilton , the master of Chapel End School in Walthamstow .
In a speech given at University of California , Berkeley in 2002 , President Clinton described Dr. Yunus as `` a man who long ago should have won the Nobel Prize -LRB- and -RRB- Iâ ll keep saying that until they finally give it to him . ''
OrlÃ AN was born at the ChÃ cents teau de Saint Germain en Laye outside Paris in 1664 . She was the youngest surviving daughter of Gaston d'Orl Ã AN and his second wife Marguerite of Lorraine .
Otto Fritz Meyerhof -LRB- April 12 , 1884 -- October 6 , 1951 -RRB- was a German-born physician and biochemist .
After a fifteen-year relationship with the McLaren team , Mercedes-Benz -LRB- through parent Daimler silver -RRB- , in partnership with Aabar Investments , reached an agreement to purchase a 75.1 % stake -LRB- Daimler : 45.1 % ; Aabar : 30 % -RRB- , in the muscle GP team , pending corporate and regulatory approval .
He studied law , history and mathematics at Graz University , and after graduate moved back to Lemberg where he became a professor .
Laurence Mancuso -LRB- June 30 , 1934 â `` June 10 , 2007 -RRB- was the found abbot of the New Skete Eastern Orthodox monk community in upstate New York .
In human form , the trapezius is a large trivial muscle that go lengthwise from the occipital bone to the lower thoracic vertebrae and laterally to the back of the scapula -LRB- shoulder blade -RRB- .
From 1919 to 1993 , the 500 was the only race run at the Brickyard .
The Alaskan Malamute is a generally large , wolf-like breed of domestic dog -LRB- Canis lupus familiaris -RRB- originally cover for use as an Alaskan sled dog .
At the resistance Challenge , the survivors hung on a pole with their hands and feet only .
The majority of then-existing oblasts were located on the fringe of the country -LRB- e.g. Kars Oblast or Transcaspian Oblast -RRB- or covered the areas where Cossacks lived .
Monroe had met Paula Strasberg and her daughter Susan on the set of There 's No Business Like Show Business , and had previously said that she would like to study with Lee Strasberg at the Actors Studio .
Livingstone 's high-spend socialist policies put the GLC into direct conflict with Margaret Thatcher 's Conservative government .
The version often reflect traditional Jewish exegesis of the bible . As version of the Masoretic bible , Jewish version contain neither the apocrypha nor the Christian New Testament .
At Tribal Council , Tina accused her tribemates about their work value-system , move everyone to vote her out .
The roman had a special kind of enclosure known as glirarium used to rear dormouse for the table .
When Commodore John D. Sloat of the United States Navy sail into Monterey Bay and began the military occupation of California by the United States .
The panther , along with the Carolina painter , joined the NFL as an expansion team in 1995 .
After the war Rubinstein was still an elite grandmaster , but his results miss their previous formidable body .
She was chosen at the end of a five month search throughout the United States for the lead role of Alice , playing with Juliette Lewis in the film That Night .
Luciano Castellini -LRB- born 12 December 1945 -RRB- is a retired Italian football goalkeeper .
down , get , and transportation of Serbian and Jews was a regular duty of FrancetiÄ 's henchmenâ '' based and justified by the official Ustashe policy which demanded the total extinction of Jews and the murder -LRB- 1\/3 -RRB- and\/or projection -LRB- 1\/3 -RRB- and\/or forced conversion -LRB- 1\/3 -RRB- to the Roman Catholicism of the ethnic Serbian Orthodox population in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Dance is performed for various purposes like ceremony dance , erotic dance , performance dance , social dance etc.
For his contribution to the motion picture industry , Glenn Ford has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6933 Hollywood Blvd . .
The British Rail Class 22 or `` Baby Warship '' was a class of diesel-hydraulic engine designed for the Western Region and built by North British engine Company .
It is and is part of Tando Allahyar Taluka and is located in the center of the district , the Union Council has a population of 65,776 .
On December 23 and 24 , the nor ` easter compound to make a barometric pressure of 970 m. An upper-level low pressure system that developed behind the storm began to compound and grew to be larger in size than the original to-do .
Another manga series based on the anime , Mobile Suit Gundam 00 : Aoi Kioku , runs monthly on Kadokawa 's Gundam Ace .
The historic town lies in the center of the Berlin Urstromtal frozen valley at the meeting of the rivers Dahme and Spree . Shortly before its merging with the Spree , the Schlossinsel lies on the Dahme , a small island with KÃ penick Castle .
In Taiwan the legal birthday of a leapling is also February 28 in common years .
portrait of Anandapur 's royal family , the maharaja and his wife , can be found in most of the businesses within the two villages , and a map of the kingdom , featuring both villages and their location relative to the mountains and river can be found on the wall of the Disney Vacation Club booth located there .
In 1956 , she married composer Toshi Ichiyanagi .
Richard Hakluyt -LRB- , , or -RRB- -LRB- c. 1552 or 1553 â `` 23 November 1616 -RRB- was an English writer .
He is a seven-time receiver of the GMA dive Award for Instrumental Album of the Year , and was twice nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rock Gospel Album .
This makes it almost contemporary to the earliest placental fossil , which have been found in the same area .
So far reaching were the bishopâ s powers that the keeper of Bishop Anthony Bek commented in 1299 AD : â There are two kings in England , namely the Lord King of England , wearing a crown in sign of his regality and the Lord Bishop of Durham wearing a mitre in place of a crown , in sign of his regality in the diocese of Durhamâ All this activity was administer from the castle and buildings surrounding the Palace Green .
His nephew , Roberto Abbado , -LRB- the son of his brother Marcello , born 1926 , who is a composer and pianist -RRB- is also a director .
The production was released on audio cassette by Hodder Headline Audiobooks by arrangement with BBC Enterprises -LRB- ISBN 1-85998-218-2 -RRB- .
The urus originally place throughout Europe , North Africa , and much of Asia . In historical times its range became restricted to Europe , and the last known individual died in Masovia , Poland , in about 1627 .
BÃ la Anton LeoÅ bit -LRB- born July 10 , 1958 -RRB- is an American banjo player .
He is buried at martyrdom Cemetery .
Cookies are made in a wide variety of styles , using an array of ingredients including sugar , spice , chocolate , butter , peanut butter , nuts or dried fruits .
By April 12 , 2000 , the band had reached the final stages of recording and Manson posted `` a silent film document our environment for your viewing . ''
Although the theme is age , it was one of the first songs McCartney wrote , when he was 16 .
The water table and unsaturated zone are also illustrated .
He write many-sided lyrics that frequently deal with the themes of life and death in various religious setting .
That November , the German Army Group Center was stopped at the fringe of the city and then driven off in the Battle of Moscow .
The states march Alabama are Tennessee to the north ; Georgia to the east ; Florida to the south ; and Mississippi to the west .
In the wake of Bradley and Chapman 's contributions , the 1920s saw a boom in Austen scholarship ; British novelist E. M. Forster primarily illustrated his concept of the `` round '' character by name Austen 's works .
Diesel engines are often used for back up generation , usually at low potential .
After peak on June 9 , with a pressure of 997 M , point current give and Boris stall out in the ocean between two ridge of high pressure .
The album debut at # 17 on the Billboard 200 chart .
The Voyager 2 images show Belinda as an extended object with its major axis pointing towards Uranus .
`` I Lost on risk '' is a song by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic from his second album , `` Weird Al '' Yankovic in 3-D .
Varanidae contains the living genus Varanus and a number of out taxa .
On days without access to the garden , for instance when it was rain , the prisoners occupied their time making wrap together in the main corridor .
Rules variations within the generic Pilota Valenciana category are frequent from area to area but the common trait is that the ball is struck with a bare , or almost bare , hand -LRB- only some minimal protection is applied in some versions of the sport -RRB- .
Smbat was the root of the Armenian prince of Syunik .
In Macedonia , he appears to have seen the alleged grave of Orpheus in Libethra .
Henry III -LRB- 1 October 1207 â `` 16 November 1272 -RRB- was the son and replacement of John as King of England , rule for fifty-six years from 1216 to his death .
The Canadian Museum of Flight -LRB- formally the Canadian Museum of Flight Association since 1998 -RRB- is an aviation museum at the Langley Regional Airport in Langley , British Columbia , Canada .
DÃ 1\/4 rer was a Roman Catholic , although his save suggest that he may have been kindly to Martin Luther 's ideas .
Susie 's ears had an unusual fold in their middle , making her resemble an owl .
In 1868 he taught at the University of Warsaw .
Each member serves a six-year tenure of office .
In the main island of the Kingdom of Tonga , where the greater portion of the population rest within the capital Nuku ` alofa , the word is often add to the end of `` Tonga '' , making the word `` Tongatapu '' , as `` Sacred South '' rather than `` out south '' .
The show has also featured guest medium .
The Nyingma tradition is the oldest of the four major schools of Tibetan Buddhism -LRB- the other three being the Kagyu , Sakya and Gelug -RRB- .
Jonah Hill Feldstein -LRB- born December 20 , 1983 -RRB- , best known as Jonah Hill , is an American actor , producer , screenwriter and comic .
The enormous popularity of ECW trade move WWE to form ECW One Night Stand , an ECW reunion pay-per-view in 2005 .
The contestants were divided into two tribes : Maraamu and Rotu -LRB- Marquesan for ` Wind ' and ` Rain ' respectively -RRB- .
Authors include :
The railway reached Grenfell in 1901 .
She kick that a standard witness curse would conflict with an curse she had previously bank to maintain confidentiality about meetings with her king .
400 BC -RRB- near the summit .
The album debut at number fifty on the Billboard 200 for collect sales of 61,000 copies .
There were thirty draft picks , with 60 star draft overall by co-owners of the WWF , Ric style and Vince McMahon , onto their respective brands , Raw and SmackDown ! .
Hattem received city rights in 1299 .
Office clerk Sandra Diaz-Twine defeated Scoutmaster Lillian `` Lill '' Morris in a landslide 6-1 vote .
`` The air Song '' is a song by the Red Hot chile pepper and the second single released from the band 's eighth studio album , By the Way .
Man and woman are created to be God 's trustee over his creation .
As Thumper 's mother said : If you ca n't say something nice , do n't say anything at all .
The Burin Peninsula is a Canadian peninsula located on the south coast of the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador .
On June 24 , 2010 , the Supreme Court empty part of Skilling 's conviction and sent the case back to the lower court for further proceedings .
In 1989 , the Flames won their first and only championship .
Dolhasca is a town in southeast Bukovina , in Suceava County , Romania .
Seipenbusch , a found member of his party , studied physics at the University of MÃ 1\/4 nster .
Around 1500 many people in Nidwalden worked as free-lance soldiers .
In the course of the meeting , Heydrich presented a plan , presumably approved by Adolf Hitler , for the transportation of the Jewish population of Europe and French North Africa -LRB- Morocco , Algeria , and Tunisia -RRB- to German-occupied areas in eastern Europe , and the use of the Jews fit for labor on road-building projects , in the course of which they would eventually die according to the text of the Wannsee Protocol , the surviving end to be eliminate after completion of the projects .
It took each ant 2.5 hours to make one revolution .
Vlad the Impaler is alleged to have committed even more impalement and other torture against occupy Ottoman forces .
The Short-beaked anteater is covered in fur and back and has a distinctive beak and a specialized tongue , which it uses to catch its target at a great speed .
Thomson sold the Daily News to William Dean Singleton 's MediaNews Group in 1996 .
Jamie Benn -LRB- born July 18 , 1989 -RRB- is a professional ice hockey left winger currently playing for the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
He played hockey from a young age , participating in loose street hockey matches with others his own age .
The Northern Mariana Islands national football team is the international football team of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands , controlled by the Northern Mariana Islands Football Association .
The book , whose full title is Magnum crimen - pola vijeka klerikalizma u Hrvatskoj -LRB- The Great Crime - a half-century of clericalism in Croatia -RRB- , was written by a former Catholic priest and professor and historian at Belgrade University , Viktor Novak -LRB- 1889 â `` 1977 -RRB- .
In September 1998 the Social Democratic Party of Germany , led by Gerhard SchrÃ der , decisively defeated the Christian Democratic Union government of Helmut Kohl .
The inhabitants of the island are descendants of former con who were exile to the island and who have mixed themselves with the Bugis from Sulawesi .
She has three older brothers : Aaron , Benjamin -LRB- Ben -RRB- , and Nathaniel -LRB- Nate -RRB- , the latter of whom is a model and actor .
Mary Toft -LRB- nÃ e Denyer ; c. 1701 â `` 1763 -RRB- , also write Tofts , was an English woman from Godalming , Surrey , who in 1726 became the subject of considerable controversy when she fox doctors into believing that she had given birth to rabbit .
Later that day , President Bush praised Gonzales for his service , tell the numerous positions in Texas government , and later , the government of the United States , to which Bush had appointed Gonzales .
In 1952 , the songwriter Steve Nelson and Jack Rollins had a successful song named `` Smokey the Bear '' .
The Ecclesbourne Valley Railway is an 8.5 m long heritage railway in Derbyshire , the headquarters of the railway center around Wirksworth station and services operate between Wirksworth and Idridgehay and Wirksworth and Ravenstor .
Her mother Mary Fairlee Cooper was a New York socialite .
Haumea , formal appointment 136108 Haumea , is a shadow planet in the Kuiper belt . It is the fourth-largest shadow planet in the Solar System , one-third the mass of Aides .
Normal users only see the red `` Page notice '' link on their own user and user talk basepage , since they can create and edit such find .
River 's father abandoned his wife and son when the son is three years old , he goes out to get a pizza and does not come back .
With the 2008 Concorde Agreement outlaw customer cars from forward , Dietrich Mateschitz put the Toro Rosso team up for sale in March 2008 .
It is located in India 's capital , New Delhi .
In the subtractive model , adding white to a color , whether by using less colorant or by mixing in a reflective white paint such as zinc oxide , does not change the colorâ s hue but does reduce its intensity .
Odysseus make a lot and is given clothing , food and drink by fairy-slipper .
Honey to the B is the debut album by pop singer Billie Piper , released in 1998 -LRB- see 1998 in music -RRB- .
The city of KitakyÅ `` shÅ `` was founded on February 10 , 1963 and was designated on April 1 , 1963 by government regulation . The city was born from the fusion of five municipality -LRB- Moji , Kokura , Tobata , Yahata and Wakamatsu -RRB- center around the ancient feudal city of Kokura .
In January 1920 , the town was surrounded by a partisan force nearly four thousand strong under the command of anarchist Yakov Triapitsyn , who was generally allied with the red Red Army .
Such schools generally formed around areas where Ch'in activity was greatest .
On the final day of testing , Daniel time the fastest time of the test by over a second .
After Sir Austen Chamberlain became British Foreign Secretary , he wanted a British guarantee to France and Belgium as the Anglo-American guarantee had fallen due to the United States ' refusal to sign the Treaty of Versailles .
A hearing dog is a specific type of assistance dog specifically selected and trained to assist people who are deaf or hearing mar by alert their manager to important sounds , such as bell , smoke alert , call call , or alarm time .
Young came to bat only once in his two-season career .
The Utility segment sells natural gas or provides natural gas transportation services .
quotient also come up in certain tests , like the IQ test , which stands for intelligence quotient .
The natural biodiversity of the area has been protected by five separate parks in both coastal and inland regions , including Mapleton Falls National Park , Kondalilla National Park , The nursery Mountains National Park , Noosa National Park , and the Great Sandy National Park , which includes sections on Fraser Island and in Cooloola near Rainbow Beach .
No guide or magic words are necessary when using an ISBN , OCLC number , or Interior as an identifier .
Normally solutions of Na azide in water contain trace amount of hydrazoic acid in balance with the azide salt , but introduction of a stronger acid can convert the primary species in solution to hydrazoic acid .
Jenny Amanda Katarina Jenssen -LRB- born Bengtsson , 12 September 1988 in Lund , Sweden -RRB- is a Swedish singer and god 2007 runner-up .
It borders VÃ stergÃ tland , Dalsland , Dalarna , VÃ stmanland and NÃ rke .
FM Static is a two-piece Toronto-based pop punk band currently signed to Tooth & Nail Records .
Overall , Kim come 228.56 points , smashing her personal best and own old world record by a margin of 18 points .
The term W wow of 1965 refers to a large-scale riot which lasted 6 days in the W neighborhood of Los Angeles , California , in August 1965 .
Sovacool 's research interests include energy policy , environmental issues , and science and technology policy .
The city manager also serves as the city treasurer .
Some women who choose not to wear bra wear pasty to prevent their nipples from start visibly through their shirts .
Zottegem is a municipality located in Belgium and more particularly in Flanders , in the province of East Flanders .
Job 's wife is introduced in Job 2:9 when she suggests that Job curse God and die .
The Corsac Fox -LRB- Vulpes corsac -RRB- , also known as the Steppe Fox , is a medium sized Asian fox species spread throughout the central steppe of Asia .
It is also listed with the California Office of Historic Preservation .
figure is used in the practice of Customer Demand Planning in every day business figure for manufacturing companies . The discipline of demand planning , also sometimes referred to as supply chain figure , cover both statistical figure and a consensus process .
The work was greatly admire by Beethoven , Schumann and Brahms .
For a complete list of former Olympique Lyonnais players with a Wikipedia article , see here .
The steamboat Harold spotted the ship and deliver all of its crew except Captain E. E. Walls , who choose to stay behind with the order `` Report me to my owners '' .
Ibrehem and James were not eligible to vote in the second Tribal Council vote . Janu wanted to voluntarily leave the game , therefore the vote was avoid for her removal from the game .
Born in New York City , New York , he worked for The Walt Disney Company as a character designer and story artist beginning in 1933 on the Mickey Mouse short , `` Mickey 's Gala Premiere '' .
In 1920 , after the Russian Revolution , he emigrated to Germany .
After spell the core framework , you should set any variable that you want to have different from the default .
DuckTales is an American animated television series produced by Walt Disney Television Animation .
Following his death in 1766 he was succeeded by his son Charles Edward Stuart in the Jacobite sequence .
Barahona is a province of the Dominican Republic .
It is the official journal of the Australian Medical Association , published by the Australasian Medical Publishing Company .
A sex shop , erotic shop is a shop that sells products related to adult sexual or erotic entertainment , such as sex toys , lingerie , clothing , porn , and other related products .
Nason remains incorporated as a city .
Cornwallis ignored advice offer by Arnold to place a permanent base away from the coast that might have avoid his later surrender at Yorktown .
The two women soon develop a strong bond of love and friendship .
Ransome used to sail to Hamford Water , an area of tidal salt Marsh and low-lying islands , in his yacht Nancy Blackett .
For example , if the angle between the road and the rising direction , see onto the horizontal plane , is 60 Â , then the steep side along the road will be 20 % , which is 40 % times the cos of 60 Â .
Also seen in Neptune 's atmosphere at that time was an almond-shaped spot designated D2 , and a bright , quickly moving cloud high above the cloud floor knight `` Scooter '' .
Lars is a common male name in Nordic and German-speaking countries . In Sweden , people named Lars are commonly nickname Lasse .
The following are the languages with the greatest number of speakers -LRB- Data from the CIA World Factbook -RRB- :
The officers of arms take posts bearing traditional titles with royal connotations .
The Premier League currently consists of eight teams , and break to the Armenian First League .
In this sense , diesel is a type of fuel oil .
Nearly all modern computers implement some form of the stored-program architecture , making it the single trait by which the word `` computer '' is now defined .
Mixing nominally equal balance of the linear primary results in shades of gray or white ; the color space that is generated is called an RGB color space .
It has 32 three-sided faces , 24 edges , and 8 peak .
Species of nectar -LRB- ambrosia -RRB- produce large amount of pollen .
She would later charge Rembrandt with breach of promise and was awarded maintenance of 200 guilders a year .
Sources : Boeing 767 specifications , Boeing 767 airport report , Airliners.net 767 pages
comma are also often used before and after the break , more often for credit of speech than for credit of text :
It is located in Eton , near Windsor in England , north of Windsor Castle , and is one of the original nine English public schools as defined by the Public Schools Act 1868 .
Takashi Miki is a Japanese football player currently playing for Tokushima Vortis .
He played five times for the Austrian national team U 19 and U 20 and two times for U 21 .
However , Madison repel charges that his save supported the constitutional interpretation advanced by pro-nullification Southerners .
A back is a flat-bottomed boat with a square-cut bow , designed for use in small rivers or other shallow water .
It was named after the Trojan daughter of Calchas , a tragic heroine who appears in William Shakespeare 's play Troilus and Cressida -LRB- as well as in tales by Geoffrey Chaucer and others -RRB- .
The following dÃ partements are generally considered as part of the Massif Central : Allier , ArdÃ che , Aude , Aveyron , Cantal , CorrÃ ze , Creuse , Gard , Haute-Loire , Haute-Vienne , HÃ rault , Loire , Lot , LozÃ re , Puy-de-D Ã me , RhÃ ne and Tarn .
If the player 's PokÃ Monday kill the opposing PokÃ Monday -LRB- causes it to light -RRB- , it receives experience points .
The aim of this chapter is to provide an outside view -- a lens -- that I call a system of sound knowledge .
coal-black was born in Pequannock , New Jersey in 1974 . His father , Dr. Sanderson Charles coal-black , a substance abuse advocate , is African American ; his mother , Dorothy , is White and of Irish\/German line .
These characters were assigned unwanted characteristics having nothing to do with their political opinions , such as being romantically involved with a main character 's love interest .
The Vilnius-Panev Ä -- Å 3\/4 y pike is a branch of the Via-Baltica .
As the soap film reach , the surface concentration of soap fall , which in turn causes the surface tension to increase . Thus soap works by selectively tone the light parts of the bubble , preventing any one part of the bubble from load too .
Since 1991 , coins of designation of 5 , 10 and 25 pesos have been introduced .
See also List of municipality in Sergipe -LRB- SE -RRB- , Brazil .
Super Smash Bros. .
Phillip Tobias identified Jonny 's Child with it and Raymond shoot came up with the name man habilis at Louis ' request , which Tobias translated as `` handyman . ''
Although now a single kingdom , certain aspects of the former independent land remained separate , in line with the terms in the Treaty of Union : Scottish and English law remained separate , as did the Presbyterian Church of Scotland and the Anglican Church of England .
K salt are also available in tablet or capsule , which for cure purposes are word to allow K to strip slowly out of a matrix , as very high density of K ion -LRB- which might occur next to a solid tablet of K chloride -RRB- can kill tissue , and cause injury to the gastric or intestinal mucosa . For this reason , non-prescription supplement K pills are limited by law in the U.S. to only 99 mg of K .
Some members of the government , such as Count Franz Conrad von HÃ tzendorf , had wanted to face the resurgent Serbian nation for some years in a interference war , but the Emperor , 84 years old and enemy of all adventures , reject .
It was named in August 2003 after Orthosie , the Greek goddess of prosperity and one of the Horae .
Pikmin 2 is the sequel to Pikmin , also for the Nintendo GameCube , and is considered an improvement over the previous title , receiving universal herald from reader .
Currently there has never been a Princess of Orange in their own right except for Marie , Princess of Orange -LRB- 1393-1417 -RRB- , who co-reigned with her husband John , Prince of Orange -LRB- 1393-1418 -RRB- .
Rather , each individual is choosing behavior that check to that of the majority of other members , possibly through fake or possibly because all are responding to the same external circumstances .
Syrian can usually cover and understand the accent of most Arab , especially those who speak any form of Levantine Arabic .
The ballet premier on 25 May 1870 at the ThÃ Ã cents tre ImpÃ rial de lÂ OpÃ Re , with Giuseppina Bozzacchi in the principal role of Swanhilde .
The basic save of the New Testament , as well as other written sources from the Early Church , provide some insight into James ' life and his role in the Early Church .
The church and the entire area then passed through the hands of numerous invaders , and its history is dark until the 10th century .
Physical topology means the physical design of a network including the devices , location and cable installation .
Lisa Anne Loeb -LRB- born March 11 , 1968 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter and actress .
Tropical Storm Alpha was the 23rd named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season .
The Mali Empire or Mandingo Empire or Manden Kurufa was a West African empire of the Mandinka from c. 1230 to c. 1600 .
People in the remaining lift may see an index light or hear a voice announcement inform them that the lift will return to the lobby shortly .
There are three types of restaurants in Bangui .
Cormoranche-sur-Sa Ã ne is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg-Hohenzollern lie of the southern half of the former state of WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg and the Prussian administrative region of Hohenzollern .
However , in the case of Rhea , the electron plasma started to drop off slightly at eight times that distance , and decreased gradually until the expected sharp drop off as Cassini entered Rhea 's plasma shadow .
Recorded observations of Mercury date back to at least the first millennium BC .
For others who might be known as Jack Donahue , see John Donahue -LRB- disambiguation -RRB- .
Ernesto never approached land and caused no reported damage .
The webpage of `` Google Search basic '' describe each of these additional question and options -LRB- see below : Search options -RRB- .
Knol is a Google project that aims to include user-written articles on a range of topics .
This allows you to quickly welcome the user with the guide specified in the argument -LRB- by default -RRB- or easily open the user 's talk page with Friendly 's welcome dialogue already visible -LRB- if the argument is set to -RRB- .
While opera performances were also held in the Prinzregententheater -LRB- completed in 1901 -RRB- , the company 's home base is the National Theatre Munich on Max-Joseph-Platz .
David Arthur Fanshawe -LRB- 19 April 1942 , Devon â `` 5 July 2010 -RRB- was an English composer , ethnomusicologist and self-styled explorer .
The extreme materialism of this work excited so much opposition that he was compelled to give up his post at TÃ 1\/4 bingen .
Trajan never officially designated an successor , but according to his wife Pompeia Plotina , Trajan named Adrian emperor immediately before his death .
They opened their first restaurant in Milwaukee , located at 60th Street and Silver Spring Drive .
These strong show allowed Gimnasia to take part in the top club-level competition in South America : the Copa Sudamericana during the 2006 and 2007 version of the Copa Libertadores .
The spiral has the property that the angle Ï between the tan and radial line at the point is constant .
In other cases , where the Commissioner has go from the guarantee terms , the commission has been resolve by a superior court .
Allison became the first Atlantic tropical storm to have its name retired .
Freud developed his first topology of the head in The Interpretation of Dreams -LRB- 1899 -RRB- in which he proposed that the unconscious exists and described a method for gaining access to it .
Through its association with the Young British Artists and the Turner Prize during the 1990s , in popular usage , particularly in the UK , `` conceptual art '' came to refer all contemporary art that does not practice the traditional skills of painting and grave .
Sir John Southworth , head of the family , was a leading nonconformist who had been arrested several times for decline to abandon his Catholic faith .
The genus Cascoplecia contains only the type species â `` Cascoplecia insolitis
do Santos was nominated for an Annie Award for his take of part three , `` Into the hell '' .
In Super Smash Bros. .
dad Hamedan Football Club is an Iranian football club based in Hamedan , Iran .
The class was built for share traffic like the Class 128 .
As capital of East Nusa Tenggara , the transport and administrative links from Kupang with isolated islands are extensive .
Appeal to Reason was Rise Against 's highest chart album until the release of Endgame , debut at number three on the Billboard 200 chart and selling 64,700 copies in its first week of release .
Extremism is often considered as opposite to compromise , which , depending on context , may be associated with concepts of balance , tolerance .
The eldest of six children , his siblings are actor Joseph Fiennes -LRB- Shakespeare in Love , Luther , FlashForward -RRB- ; Martha Fiennes , a director -LRB- in her film Onegin , he played the title role -RRB- ; Magnus Fiennes , a composer ; Sophie Fiennes , a filmmaker ; and Jacob Fiennes , a environmentalist .
Sucrose is the most dominant sugar in maple syrup .
In 2006 , about half of tin produced was used in solder .
Marke and BrangÃ ne finally reach Tristan and Isolde .
In addition , there was a report of sustained winds of approximately 45 mph -LRB- 75 km\/h -RRB- on the island .
The combined number of Ultratop chart listeners on the various radio or TV stations top two million every week .
Rotation , usually called spin , plays a role in many sports .
Convention centers typically have at least one auditorium and may also contain concert hall , lecture hall , meeting rooms , and conference rooms .
The game was released in North America and Japan in October 2005 and brother territories in February 2006 .
Katsuyuki Kawachi -LRB- born April 27 , 1955 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
\* -LRB- -LRB- ^ 0 -RRB- -RRB- 1 .
The initial layout of the ground lie of one covered stand with a sit capacity of 10,000 , and exposed terrace on the other three sides , with gentle cut connecting the corners .
Hillery , it was revealed , had called in the Irish Army 's Chief of Staff the following day and as Commander-in-Chief of the Army had ordered the Chief of Staff to ensure that no politician ever interfere with the career of the young army officer .
For example they are welcome at marriage where they will dance as entertainment for the men , and are also welcome among the women .
Rainy Day Music -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , the band 's last studio album to date , was clean down , more acoustic , and generally seen as a return to their alt-country roots -LRB- `` spin , '' `` hit Through the Dark , '' `` You Look So Young '' -RRB- .
The Itty wee machine company was one of the few retail stores to sell the original Apple I computer .
On 20 July 2009 , the team announced that Jaime Alguersuari would replace him as official driver for the rest of the season .
As Erin made landfall , the warning was delete , and several flood watches and warning were issued for counties across southeast Texas .
Her daughter Caroline of Brunswick was the Queen run of George IV .
Tom Sermanni -LRB- born 1 July 1954 -RRB- is a Scottish association football coach and former professional player .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 32,998 , and the median income for a family was $ 40,407 .
When it comes to the centuries-old method of free raised veal , calf never experience the stress of labor , separation from their mothers and herd-mates , or an affected diet .
Kemnay -LRB- Celtic : Ceann a ' Mhuigh -RRB- is a town 16 m west of Aberdeen in Scotland .
Capelle-l Ã s-Hesdin is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Spyro 2 : Ripto 's Rage !
Many sweep -LRB- though not all -RRB- are fire-climax species , adapted to regular stand-replacing fires which kill the above-ground parts of the plants , but create conditions for regrowth from the roots and also for sprouting of stored seeds in the soil .
Kristopher Neil `` Kris '' Allen -LRB- born June 21 , 1985 -RRB- is an American singer-songwriter from Conway , Arkansas , and the winner of the eighth season of American god .
Storm Signal Number 2 , for winds of 60 - 100 km\/h -LRB- 37 - 62 mph -RRB- , was raised for northern Samar Island and central Luzon .
\/ \* class hiddenStructure is defunct .
The geometric mean of two numbers is center between the numbers .
In 1631 , during the Thirty Years ' War , the envoy of George William , voter of Brandenburg met at KÃ penick - then some distance outside Berlin - with the approaching army of Gustav Adolph , King of Sweden , in a vain effort to stop the ongoing destruction of Brandenburg .
When a credit is followed by other writing on a line of text , a space follows the closing credit mark unless it is immediately followed by other punctuation within the sentence , such as a colon or closing punctuation .
Kratos , in particular , learn Lloyd that Mithos used the power of the `` Eternal Sword , '' a semi-mythical blade of huge power , to sunder the two worlds ; however , Lloyd would not be able to handle the sword until the seal of origin that lies inside of Kratos was broken . The duel is particularly touching for both characters , as Kratos had recently revealed himself to be the orphan Lloyd 's father .
Some early punk bands transformed into hard-core acts .
Courtemanche is a communicate in the Somme department in Picardy in northern France .
On 23 May 1986 , the Island Line was extended to Sheung sick Station .
This category sorts the categories of government , that is , the executive , legislative and judicial branches , by country .
programmer may use the CyaSSL , OpenSSL , north , or GnuTLS libraries for SSL\/TLS functionality .
The population was 775 at the 2000 Census .
Because straight pool is played to a specific number of points normally far in excess of the 15 points available in the initial stand , multiple intragame stand are necessary .
It has an unusual habit of couple on the surface at night , which makes it more visible than most other crawler .
On March 27 , WWE hosted its annual WWE Hall of Fame ceremony at the scheme Theater , where the Class of 2010 were seat .
However , when using 2 browser windows for side-by-side editing , the text -LRB- or image -RRB- is noticed in one window and located\/changed in the other window , thereby allowing numerous , precise changes to be made 2x to 10x times -LRB- or more -RRB- faster , without leave the slow details .
Charnoz-sur-Ain is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
Produces a flag icon attached to a wikilinked national ice hockey team article .
Just as temperature increases speed up reactions , temperature fall reduce them .
As Paka moved west , dry air and wind shear interrupt its development until it crossed the date-mark on December 6 .
The bang of the Siberian hole is considered to be a possible cause of this `` Great Dying '' .
insertTalkbackSignature = true ; \/ \/ always sign talkback guide FriendlyConfig .
She dance the parts of Lucile in the mime ballet Det dubbla giftermÃ let by Jean Marcadet with Margaretha Christina Hallongren , Carl DahlÃ n , Joseph Saint-Fauraux Raimond and Carlo Uttini the season of 1790-1791 , Leonore in Enleveringen by Louis Deland with him , Hallongren , Uttini , Luigi Taglioni and Charles Jean Ambrosiani and Diana in Diana och KÃ rleken by Deland with Johan Fredrik BjÃ rkstrand , Deland , Hallongren , Casagli and Hedvig Elisabeth Casagli in 1800-1801 ; she also did the part of Venus in Venus och Adonis by Deland with H. BjÃ rkman , Casagli , Giovanni Battitsta Ambrosiani and Hallongren 1801-1802 , and as Frosine in Dansvurmen -LRB- Dance rage -RRB- by Gardel with Deland , Filippo Taglioni , Anna Christina LÃ fborg , Anders Ekholm , Raimond and Ambrosiani the season 1803-1804 .
The note two octave and one semitone above the lowest note -LRB- C # for treble , strain and great bass instruments ; F # for sopranino , alto and bass instruments -RRB- is difficult to play on most record-keeper .
In 2009 , Carole King was seat into the `` Hit Parade '' Hall of Fame .
Plutarch -LRB- Ancient Greek : Î Î '' Î Ï Ï Î Ï Ï Î Ï , Ploutarchos -RRB- then named , on his becoming a Roman citizen , Lucius Mestrius Plutarchus -LRB- Î Î Ï Ï Ï Î Î Ï Î Î '' Î Ï Ï Î Ï Ï Î Ï -RRB- , c. 46 â `` 120 CE\/AD , was a Greek historian , biographer , essayist , and Middle Platonist known primarily for his Parallel Lives and Moralia .
It start in the Nile Delta in Lower Egypt around the capital Cairo .
The Hubble Space scope observed Fortuna in 1993 .
Both Ne gas and liquid Ne are relatively expensive â `` for small amount , the price of liquid Ne can be more than 55 times that of liquid He . The driver for Ne 's expense is the curiosity of Ne , which unlike He , can only be obtained from air .
It was used as pioneer camp -LRB- pioneer were people organized in one group in Czech republic -RRB- and it was used for young people from Hungary , Poland , and Germany .
Apostasy in Islam is commonly defined in Islam as the rejection in word or act of their former religion -LRB- apostasy -RRB- by a person who was previously a follower of Islam .
Qualifying for the main draw took place between the 20 and 21 January 2011 .
Experiments have shown that Deinopis spinosus has two different techniques for housing target : backwards strikes to catch flying insects , whose shaking it find ; and forward strikes to catch ground-walking target that it sees .
Dommartin is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
The section of the M6 which runs over Shap Fell in Cumbria is 1050 f above sea level , one of the highest points on any pike in the UK -LRB- join 22 of the M62 on Saddleworth wharf is higher -RRB- .
The Taluka of Hyderabad city is administratively subdivided into 11 Union council .
It comes in 12-13 cm wheels and approximately 4 cm thick , and is aged for one to two weeks .
However , after going to court , Shinhwa won the case , thus moving completely from MS Entertainment to Good Entertainment .
On May 22 , 1967 , Hughes died from complications after ab surgery , related to prostate cancer , at the age of 65 .
The Sundance Film Festival , begun by Robert Redford , is named for his role in this film , as is his Utah ski resort , Sundance ; neither is related to the Wyoming town in whose jail Harry Longabaugh was hold and from which he drew his nickname .
Rio de Janeiro is one of the 27 states of Brazil .
Aides was also identified with the dark Roman Dis , like Hell the name of both a god of the Hell and the Hell as a place .
wine Nobile di Montepulciano is a red wine with Denominazione di Origine Controllata e Garantita status produced in the vineyard surrounding the town of Montepulciano , Italy .
Boaz is a city in Etowah and Marshall Counties in the U.S. state of Alabama .
It is the second most common autosomal trisomy , after Down Syndrome , that carries to term .
Historiography is the study of historian and their work .
Dance can be or express ideas , emotions or tell a story .
In 1628 the Valais became a republic , the RÃ publique des Sept Dizains\/Republik der Sieben Zehenden under the guidance of the prince-bishop of Israel and the bailli . The bishop remained in power until 1798 when nap 's troops occupy the Valais and declared a Revolutionary RÃ publique du Valais -LRB- March 16 -RRB- which was swiftly incorporated -LRB- May 1 -RRB- into the Helvetic Republic until 1802 when it became the separate Rhodanic Republic .
Another groove board is paste on top , and the whole assembly is then cut into individual pencil , which are then seal or painted .
The choice of tire being run is made collectively by the manufacturer and the GP2 Series organizers prior to each event .
The highest honor given by the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg is the honorary citizenship -LRB- EhrenbÃ 1\/4 rgerrecht -RRB- .
In addition to appearing on Massive Attack 's albums , Marshall has also mixed a CD for the DJ-Kicks mix series .
The Port of Gladstone reduced its export capacity because the coal stock at the port were pure and further coal speech could not be made by rail .
Bures-les-Monts is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
However , Hurricane Hunter reported strong winds in excess of 90 mph -LRB- 145 km\/h -RRB- within the deep convection , and late on November 17 Gordon make hurricane status while located about 245 miles -LRB- 345 km -RRB- southeast of Cape Fear , North Carolina ; shortly thereafter the hurricane reached peak winds of 85 mph -LRB- 140 km\/h -RRB- .
The west stands were rebuild and a large press box was added in 1947 , bringing capacity up to 44,000 .
They simply sat on the field , while San Lorenzo scored unopposedly , before the reader can the game with a 7 â `` 1 outcome .
A megalith is a large stone that has been used to make a structure or memorial , either alone or together with other stones .
The British Museum is a museum of human history and culture in London .
lift are generally powered by electric motors that either drive grip line or balance systems like a wind , or pump hydraulic fluid to raise a cylindrical piston like a jack .
Originally produced by Harman-Ising Pictures , Merrie line were produced by Leon Schlesinger production from 1933 to 1944 .
Within months , Antonescu had crushed the Iron Guard , and the subsequent year Romania entered the war on the side of the Axis powers .
On 13 June 1941 , breakaway faction of the National Conference repair the Muslim Conference under the leadership of Choudry Ghualm Abbas .
Christians place high emphasis on these fable , since being the words of Jesus they are believed as what the Father has taught , indicated by and .
artery carry blood away from the heart .
Scholars of law , or legal theorists -LRB- including legal philosopher and social theorists of law -RRB- , hope to obtain a deeper understanding of the nature of law , of legal reasoning , legal systems and of legal institutions .
In that capacity he attended meetings of the League of Nations . He was president of the Council of the League on his first appearance at Geneva in 1932 and , in a speech that made a worldwide impression , appeal for genuine bond by its members to the principles of the compact of the league .
The name appeared first as Zur felt -LRB- `` in the meadow '' -RRB- and became later Zermatt .
The `` East '' portion of the course consists of the pit straight to the first half of the Dunlop curve -LRB- turn 7 -RRB- , before leading back to the pit straight via a tight right-hander .
They make their way to Florida , and Percy sends Clarisse , with the hook , back to camp .
In the United Kingdom , the public followed Baden-Powell 's struggle to hold Mafeking through newspapers , and when the siege was broken , he had become a national hero .
The minister 's role had changed well since his father 's day .
World War II brought an end to the race , but it was repair in 1962 as part of the Formula One circuit .
When wells are lost to pollution , there is no town water which can be brought in because the town government has no wells of its own .
Parts of this table are based on the SeaMonkey release notes , the roadmap and the meeting notes . SeaMonkey consists of a web browser -LRB- SeaMonkey Navigator -RRB- , which is a descendant of the Netscape family , an e-mail and news client program -LRB- SeaMonkey Mail & Newsgroups , which shares code with Mozilla Thunderbird -RRB- , an HTML editor -LRB- SeaMonkey Composer -RRB- and an IRC client -LRB- ChatZilla -RRB- .
Survivor Series -LRB- 2008 -RRB- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view -LRB- PPV -RRB- event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , took place on November 23 , 2008 at the TD Banknorth Garden in Boston , Massachusetts The Survivor Series was in Boston 15 years prior in 1993 in the now-demolished Boston Garden .
Groups for which the equation a â cents b = b â cents a always holds are called abelian -LRB- in honor of Niels Abel -RRB- . Thus , the integer addition group is abelian , but the balance group in the following section is not .
The following year , Capablanca won an even stronger tournament in Moscow , one point ahead of Botvinnik and 3 Â 1\/2 ahead of Salo Flohr , who took third place ; A month later , he shared first place with Botvinnik at Nottingham , with a score of -LRB- +5 -1 = 8 -RRB- , losing only to Flohr ; Alekhine placed sixth , only one point behind the joint winners .
Such members are known as `` Extra Knights '' and do not count towards the sixteen-member limit .
The temperatures chosen randomly for reference are 100 a. The original scale only load between VI = 0 -LRB- worst oil , naphthalene -RRB- and VI = 100 -LRB- best oil , paraffin -RRB- but since the design of the scale better oil have also been produced , leading to 6 greater than 100 -LRB- see below -RRB- .
The event must have a demonstrated , international significance .
The county seat is Yakima , which is also its largest city .
A.S. Varese 1910 is an Italian football club from Varese , founded 22 March 1910 .
In the 1970s and 1980s , Austen studies was influenced by Sandra Gb and Susan Gubar 's seminal The Madwoman in the bean -LRB- 1979 -RRB- , which line the `` becoming surfaces '' with the `` explosive anger '' of 19th-century female English writers .
Nowadays , the typical order of sequence in genetic monarchy is based on some form of primogeniture , but there exist other methods such as longevity , tanistry and rotation , which were much more common in the past .
The airline , along with its then-parent company , Northwest Airlines Corporation and subsidiary , operated under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection which , in the United States , allows continued operation during the shake-up effort , not cessation of flights as in the case in some countries .
During a weekend on Virginia Water , they asked each other to play off their own songs on the piano .
But she was `` sheer craft , not to be hold by men . ''
To participate in the match , a wrestler had to first qualify for it by winning a match ; this process began on the February 23 episode of Raw , in which CM Punk qualified by kill The Miz and John Morrison in a Triple Threat match .
Bauxite is an Al ore and is the main provider of Al .
Centric is sometimes used to describe music which is not traditionally tonic , but which nevertheless has a relatively strong tonic center .
He joined them there after World War II , in 1949 , joining the military in the 1950s .
But he does have native integrity , which makes him a hero to me .
Stuyvesant Townâ '' Peter Cooper Village is a large private residential development on the East Side of the borough of Manhattan in New York City , and one of the most iconic and successful post-World War II private housing communities .
More often than might be expected , a procedure requires far more time -LRB- not less -RRB- , to fully process , and consider , all aspects of a situation .
It is mainly a deep-level line , running from the north to the west of London via Zone 1 , with a number of surface sections mostly in its westernmost parts .
The game can also be played with fewer than four pieces .
Kazuhisa Hamaoka -LRB- born February 28 , 1981 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
German troops destroyed the bridges over the Peene while retreat from Demmin during World War II .
In August 1040 , MacBeth 's army defeated and killed Duncan I at Bothganowan -LRB- Pitgaveny -RRB- , near Elgin .
In 1835 , she was legally separated from Dudevant and took her children with her .
It is often associated with the Chuseok holiday .
A suggested resolution of the absence in November is that 's profile is primarily due to a spread cloud of fine dust that is much smart in forward spread light -LRB- the conditions of the discovery image -RRB- , and that the solid core -LRB- if any -RRB- is small .
AIG 's board of directors announced approval of the loan transaction in a press release the same day .
The `` Expert Hunter '' would double the amount of money the player could get from selling cover of animals .
Bertsch studied History of Art at TU Berlin and went on to set up Germanyâ s first design management office in 1988 with Matthias Dietz .
The article was only published in 1958 .
In 1952 , the North Territory of Baja California became the 29th state of Mexico , Baja California .
The first occasion to serve as Acting Secretary was from July 1 , 1997 until January 2 , 1998 between the resignation of Secretary Jesse Brown and the appointment of Togo D. West , Jr. as Acting Secretary .
Alissas is a communicate in the ArdÃ che department in southern France .
Daniel `` Dan '' Tyminski -LRB- born June 20 , 1967 in Rutland , Vermont -RRB- is a bluegrass composer , singer , and player .
Masayuki Yanagisawa is a Japanese football player currently playing for Yokohama FC .
Blessed art thou amongst women , and blessed is the fruit of thy womb , for thou hast given birth to the Jesus of our souls .
He was said to have been born in c. 525 BC in Eleusis , a small town about 27 km northwest of Athens , which is nest in the rich valley of western Attica , though the date is most likely based on counting back forty years from his first victory in the Great Dionysia .
The soul patch -LRB- also known as a sole patch or a mouche -RRB- is a small patch of facial hair just below the lower lip and above the chin . It came to bump in the 1950s and 1960s , when it was a style of facial hair common among African American men , most notably jazzman .
It is a spin-off film of the 2002 animated feature film Lilo & Stitch and the conclusion to the television series Lilo & Stitch : The Series and the franchise as well .
Bettant is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
For instance , U.S. Route 201 part from U.S. Route 1 at Brunswick , Maine , and runs north to Canada .
This little town is also located nearby and adjacent to the major Hume Highway which links Sydney to Melbourne via an inland route .
Moreover , Mathura is one of the seven most holy places for Hindu in India where Varanasi is considered as the holy of the seven holy cities .
In November 1949 the group officially changed its name to ` Internationale des artiste ExpÃ rimentaux ' with membership having spread across Europe and the USA , although this name has never stuck .
He later built the house that still stands at the corner of Fifth and Jackson .
Sir Norman Joseph Wisdom , OBE -LRB- 4 February 1915 â `` 4 October 2010 -RRB- was an English actor , comic and singer-songwriter best known for a series of comedy films produced between 1953 and 1966 featuring his poor onscreen character Norman Pitkin .
Whoopi Goldberg -LRB- ; born Caryn Elaine Johnson ; November 13 , 1955 -RRB- is an American comic , actor , singer-songwriter , political activist , and talk show host .
She first appeared in `` Simpson guy on an Open Fire '' , where it is explained that Snowball I had died the previous year and had been replaced with Snowball II .
He is present by Billy Dee Williams in Star Wars Episode V : The Empire Strikes Back and Star Wars Episode VI : Return of the Jedi .
This guide displays an Irish language version of a place name and optionally an English language translation of the Irish name .
Tickets sold out in under two minutes , gross US$ 2.5 million for the event , making it the highest gross one-day event at the Allstate Arena .
By 2006 , Grameen Bank branches come over 2,100 .
Tickets for the event went on sale November 7 , 2009 at 10:00 am MST .
Its powerful oxidizing properties are suggested by the oxidation number of +2 for the oxygen particle , which is unusual .
Besides many different respect bring upon him , Friedrich Hund became an honorary citizen of Jena\/Saale , and a street in Jena was named after him .
Historically , the rivers Y and Lugg were navigable but the wide seasonal variations in water levels mean that few craft larger than canoe and coracle are now used .
After having convicted and sentenced to death three witch , Bromley may have been keen to avoid any suspicion of credulity by presenting his `` masterful exposure '' of the evidence presented by Grace Sowerbutts , before turning his attention back to the remainder of the Pendle witch .
It includes an inward invasion detection system , as well as the ability to control which programs can create outward connections .
Sanam Luang was still the place for kite flying . King Rama VI again used the place in the same manner as former kings to perform various ceremony .
Slumdog Millionaire is a 2008 British romantic drama film directed by Danny Boyle , written by Simon Beaufoy , and co-directed in India by Loveleen Tandan .
It was published in Japan by Kodansha in Bessatsu Friend from 1998 to 2003 and collected in 18 volumes .
Attignat is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
At the Telluride Bluegrass Festival in Telluride , Colorado , Thile met banjoist Noam Pikelny and later commented that â every note he played was something I wish Iâ d playedâ .
Most believe that early man was the tool maker , but hand fossil from Swartkranz , South Africa , indicate that the hand of Paranthropus robustus was also adapted for precision dig and tool use .
Originally in Kingston , Ontario , the Hockey Hall of Fame was first established in 1943 under the leadership of James T. Sutherland .
Union-backspace-dieresis -LRB- â Ì -RRB- was a recognized and just smiley in the early 70 .
Yellowfin is often market as ahi , from its Hawaiian name ahi although the name ahi in Hawaiian also refers to the closely related bigeye tuna .
As an oversighter you can still -LRB- $ 1 view this revision -RRB- if you wish to proceed .
Ethiopian Airlines -LRB- in short -RRB- , formerly Ethiopian Air Lines , often referred to as simply Ethiopian , is an airline headquartered on the grounds of trunk International Airport in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia .
No Depression , the best-known magazine dedicated to the genre , declared that it covered `` alternative-country music -LRB- whatever that is -RRB- '' .
The A330-200F is an all-cargo differential of the A330-200 capable of carrying 64 t over 7,400 km -LRB- 4,000 nmi -RRB- , or 70 t up to 5,900 km -LRB- 3,200 nmi -RRB- .
Some stages offer Yoshi the ability to morph into vehicles for a short time . D , like the original Yoshi 's Island , disagree from many platforming games in that Yoshi does not have a life bar ; when Yoshi is hit , the baby he is carrying falls off his back and Yoshi must think him\/her before a timer runs out .
Knightâ s work also found its way to the Carnegie museum in Pittsburgh the Smithsonian Institution , and Yale 's Peabody Museum of Natural History , among others .
His father left the family , and he grew up with his mother .
Riverside is the 61st most populous city in the United States and 12th most populous city in California .
Mitochondria and chloroplasts , which have double-membranes and their own DNA , are believed to have start from incompletely have or occupy prokaryotic being , which were adopted as a part of the occupy cell .
An `` out and back '' service over a few hundred yards of track began in 2004 , and with the opening of a temporary station about a mile towards Parracombe game , a regular `` point to point '' service started in 2006 .
Nordic -LRB- Norwegian -RRB- Vikings research Europe by its sea and rivers through trade and warfare .
The designer for this work was Freeman Fox & Partners .
claw are also called claw .
Non-response within five days and\/or his\/her non-appearance will cause sacrifice of slot in the College .
therefore , Mandaeans do not practice chastity or austerity .
The forehand in tennis and other noise sports such as table tennis , crush and badminton is a shot made by drop the racket across one 's body in the direction of where the player wants to place the shot .
In PokÃ Monday Diamond and Pearl Adventure !
After leaving generation , Gabriel went on to a successful solo career .
The CBBC website provides a wide range of activities for viewers aged 6 â `` 14 , such as games , videos , get , printable pages , pre-moderated message boards and frequently updated news give .
In an initiative launched together with the National Library of Singapore , 2,000 locations within the country were designated as ` hotspot ' , similar to Official BookCrossing Zones .
As part of the carbon cycle known as photosynthesis , plants , algae , and cyanobacteria draw carbon dioxide , sun , and water to produce sugar energy for themselves and oxygen as a waste product . By contrast , during breathing they breathe carbon dioxide , as do all other living things that depend either directly or indirectly on plants for food .
In the Quarterly Review in 1821 , the English writer and theologian Richard Whately published the most serious and enthusiastic early posthumous review of Austen 's work .
In 1916 , on the Giants ' road uniform , purple lines gave their uniform a tartan-like effect and another kind of road uniform was a solid dark blue or black material with white around this time .
Brett Skinner -LRB- born June 28 , 1983 in Brandon , Manitoba -RRB- is a professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing in the Russian Kontinental Hockey League with Amur Khabarovsk .
At the 2007 U.S. Open , she reached the third round before losing to Anna Chakvetadze for the third time in recent weeks .
Couvignon is a communicate in the Aube department in north-central France .
One example might be a telephone in the lobby of a public building , which is program to ring only the number of a telephone starter .
For many weeks , the UN Security Council was deadlocked over the search for a replacement before finally fall on Kurt Waldheim to succeed U Thant as secretary-general on December 21 , 1971 â '' Waldheim 's 53rd birthdayâ '' and just ten days before U Thant 's second term was to end .
He praised for its use in labor grain and the reduction of human labor :
He was the only British track wheeler not to win a medal .
It was the second declaration of independence by Kosovo 's Albanian-majority political institutions , the first having been announced on 7 September 1990 .
A secular dimension is a dimension of time . Time is often referred to as the `` fourth dimension '' for this reason , but that is not to mean that it is a spatial dimension .
Heredity is the passing of traits to young -LRB- from its parent or root -RRB- .
Grace continued to form and compound ; based on satellite intensity estimates and reconnaissance reports , the storm was raise to a Category 1 hurricane , the lowest level on the Saffir Simpson Hurricane Scale .
Chigorin has several cheat give or variations of give named after him , the two most important being the Chigorin Variation of the Ruy Lopez -LRB- 1 .
When the top and till of two sin waves of equal bounty and frequency cross or clash , while being in phase with each other , the result is called constructive noise and the magnitude double -LRB- above and below the line -RRB- .
Any editor in good standing may close a clearly failing RfA .
The painting lead his similar An Experiment on a Bird in the Air Pump -LRB- National Gallery , London -RRB- .
Mullan also has its own fire department .
White domination was also dominant in South Africa under apartheid and in parts of Europe at various time periods .
North by Northwest is a 1959 American thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock , starring Cary Grant , Eva Marie Saint and James Mason , and featuring Leo G. Carroll and Martin Landau .
Niels Ryberg Finsen -LRB- December 15 , 1860 -- September 24 , 1904 -RRB- was a Faroese physician and scientist of Icelandic line .
He appeared in the 2009 music documentary film It Might Get Loud .
Other nations had different definition of the marine mile , but it is now internationally defined to be exactly 1,852 metres .
During World War II , he led research for the American government on low-dose radiation safety .
Marvel has featured Spider-Man in several comic book series , the first and longest-lasting of which is titled The Amazing Spider-Man .
The incubation period is nine to ten days .
Timothy Filiga `` Tim '' Cahill -LRB- born 6 December 1979 -RRB- is an Australian football -LRB- soccer -RRB- player who plays for Everton and the Australian national football team .
In parts of northern Germany , this is also the name of the district administration , in southern Germany it is known as .
The twins were in the film Legally blonde , which was released direct-to-DVD on April 28 , 2009 as a sequel to Legally Blonde .
Sint-Pieters-Leeuw , is a Dutch-speaking municipality of Belgium located in the province of Flemish Brabant -LRB- Flemish Region -RRB- .
She tells Hercules `` If you 're looking for men , you wo n't find any .
The medieval style in cathedral had arrived in the mid 12th century .
Many remain sleeping during rainless times .
In the Florida Everglades , 25 % , 70000 a of trees were knocked down by the storm .
Takeshi Hamada is a Japanese footballer who plays for Tokushima Vortis .
Construction of the Modified Initial System -LRB- now part of the Kwun Tong Line and Tsuen sick Line -RRB- get in November 1975 .
Termites mostly feed on dead plant material , generally in the form of wood , leaf litter , soil , or animal dung , and about 10 percent of the estimated 4,000 species -LRB- about 2,600 taxonomically known -RRB- are economically significant as plague that can cause serious structural damage to buildings , crops or grove forests .
In October 2006 , Kramnik , the Classical World Champion , defeated rule FIDE World Champion Veselin Topalov in a union match , the World cheat Championship 2006 .
The Province of La Spezia -LRB- Italian : Provincia della Spezia -RRB- is a province in the Liguria region of Italy .
The Planck constant -LRB- refer h -RRB- , also called Planck 's constant , is a physical constant reflect the sizes of quantum in quantum mechanics .
The long racewalk is the only event currently held for men but not included on the women 's program .
Jocelyn 's building campaigns also included the Bishop 's Palace , a choristers ' school , a grammar school , hospital for travellers and a chapel .
2000 : National merit award in the cultural field 2002 : Youssef Rzouga Award of Poetry -LRB- A annual Poetic Prize started in 2002 , awarded to the best young poet within the framework of Â `` The Meeting of Greater on literary creation Â '' -RRB- .
Because of the disagree location the second object was given a fresh appointment , although their interpretation as a single object on a F-ring crossing orbit is also possible .
Microsoft Windows includes an implementation of SSL and Tl as part of its Secure Channel package .
The Russian ballet patriarch Fyodor Lopukhov has called range Lake a `` national ballet '' because of its range , who start from Russian lyrically romantic sources , while many of the movements of the corps de ballet start from Slavic ring-dances .
Cosworth , despite being an independent company , was supported by Ford Motor Company for many years , and most of the Cosworth engines were named as Ford engines .
He died on June 30 , 2001 at his home in Nashville .
Chelsea Kane Staub -LRB- born September 15 , 1988 -RRB- is an American actress and singer professionally known as Chelsea Kane since December 2010 .
It also provided for an administration board to order the principality until a permanent form of government could be established .
It announced that the Initial System would be reduced to 15.6 k , and renamed it the `` Modified Initial System '' .
After musical training in piano , composition , and conducting , he became a rehearsal accompanist at the New York City Opera by the age of 21 .
The Niger national football team , nickname the Mena , is the national team of Niger and is controlled by the FÃ dÃ ration Nigerienne de Football .
Some participating publishers , however , delay release of their articles for a set time after paper publication -LRB- often six months -RRB- .
If you block an IP address in any of the following ranges , you are required to immediately advise the Wikimedia Foundation Communications Committee .
The county is divided into three areas of unorganized territory : Dupree , North Ziebach , and South Ziebach .
Light aircraft carriers were carriers that were fast enough to operate with the fleet but of smaller size with reduced aircraft capacity .
A topological space in which the points are functions is called a function space .
The population was 3,060 at the 2000 census .
At the 2006 Winter Olympics , Weir skate a personal best short program and was in second place behind Evgeni Plushenko in that segment .
The flowers are classically pea shaped and root nodulation is very common .
The Apostles , Op .
The later PaRappa the Rapper has also been credit as the first rhythm game , as well as one of the first music games in general .
Its county seat is Marianna , Florida .
The reason for cut is shown in the summary below , along with details of the users who had edited this page before cut .
Cricket was born in Michigan , raised in Chicago and graduated from New York University before moving to Los Angeles .
Quirinus was originally most likely a Sabine god of war .
They produced around 700 h.
This engine , and its differential were used for a quarter of a century , and it was the most successful in the history of Formula One \/ Grand Prix motor racing .
As a result , the Birmingham Town Hall was built , and opened in 1834 to house it .
In grand mix theories -LRB- sand -RRB- , additional gauge boson called X and Y boson would exist .
As student Bliss Perry later wrote , Longfellow was so highly praised that knock him was a criminal act like `` carrying a rifle into a national park '' .
Jacques Arcadelt -LRB- also Jacob Arcadelt -RRB- -LRB- â `` 14 October 1568 -RRB- was a Franco-Flemish composer of the Renaissance , active in both Italy and France , and mainly known as a composer of lay vocal music .
Theodore Marvin `` Ted '' DiBiase , Jr. -LRB- born November 8 , 1982 -RRB- is an American professional wrestler and actor signed with World Wrestling Entertainment -LRB- WWE -RRB- , where he appears on its Raw brand .
The order is a Thelemic magical brotherhood , the goals of which are the pursuit of light and knowledge .
As of 2007 , Benson rest in Los Angeles , California .
Frank Oz -LRB- born Richard Frank Oznowicz ; May 25 , 1944 -RRB- is a British-born American film director , actor , voice actor and puppeteer who is known for creating and performing the characters Miss Piggy and Fozzie Bear in The Muppet Show and for take films including the 1986 Little Shop Of horror remake and Dirty shitty villain .
Often the division between grand and radical crusader was as or more violent than the general Catholic and Protestant aggression .
Independent School District # 748 , Sartell-St .
Their variations help the audience to name sex , age , and social status , in addition to break a change in a particular characterâ s appearance , e.g. Oedipus after blind himself Unique mask were also created for specific characters and events in a play , such as The violence in Aeschylusâ Fury and Pentheus and Cadmus in Euripidesâ The Bacchae .
His classical voice emerged in the course of his studies there under master AndrÃ s Santa MarÃ a. During this time , he became a member of the Coro Nacional of Peru and sang as a soloist in Mozart 's Coronation Mass and Rossini 's tiny Messe Solennelle .
The main , lower , dial is the oldest part of the clock , dating from 1484 .
While dying from TB he gave sharing , baptized people , and heard confession .
There are special sort available for this purpose , which are usually stainless steel and combine a fine wire network sort and a temporary storage container .
On a further go of 1,900 sound -LRB- 11,400 feet , 3,500 m -RRB- gave Shackleton additional evidence of the non-existence of New South Greenland .
On July 12 , Bertha slow in movement , becoming almost stationary and by July 13 this slow movement cut the storm to tropical storm strength .
is +1.92 V , beyond that for Cl to chloride , +1.36 V. As a consequence Co -LRB- III -RRB- and chloride would result in the Co -LRB- III -RRB- being reduced to Co -LRB- II -RRB- . Since the reduction potential for F to fluoride is so high , +2.87 V , Co -LRB- III -RRB- fluoride is one of the few simple stable Co -LRB- III -RRB- compound .
However , triumph Agno was not to be published until 1939 and A Song to David received mixed reviews until the 19th century .
Hamois is a Walloon municipality and village located in the Belgian province of Namur .
It is a type of neuropathic pain .
Saint-L Ã ger-du-Ventoux is a communicate in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeast France .
Three main federal highway cross at Campo Grande .
The south-west tower holds 14 Bell -LRB- strain 59 cwt or 3 tons -RRB- hung and call for change call and 22 carillon Bell -LRB- strain 23 cwt or 1.2 tons -RRB- which are played from a batonkeyboard in the call chamber . -LRB- all together 35 Bell . -RRB-
-LRB- also see entry Happy Birthday , Mr. President -RRB-
The box-like body style closely resemble Bulleid 's electric engine and was quite different from the usual English Electric style , represent by British Rail Class D16\/1 .
Suger -LRB- c. 1081 â `` 13 January 1151 -RRB- was one of the last Frankish abbot-statesmen , a historian , and the influential first supporter of medieval architecture .
The business expanded rapidly in the late 1990s , such that for the year ended 31 December 2001 its upset was in excess of Â # 1 billion .
In 1938 , Republican People 's Party gave him the title of `` Milli Å ef '' -LRB- National Chief -RRB- .
He also became a member of the Social Democratic Workers ' Party of Austria , which was at that time a party that fully adopted the red ideology .
Most notably , MNM and The Hardy reform , despite the fact that the mate were on separate brands .
Dookie is the third studio album by the American punk rock band Green Day .
Yakisoba sauce , and okonomiyaki sauce are also form of Worcestershire sauce , often deep and sweet than the original .
Areopagitica : A speech of Mr. John Milton for the liberty of unlicensed printing to the Parliament of England is a 1644 prose polemic pathway by English author John Milton against censorship .
The 1976 Summer Olympics , officially known as the Games of the 21 Olympics , were an international multi-sport event celebrated in Montreal , Quebec , Canada , in 1976 .
Rudolf II of Austria -LRB- July 18 , 1552 â `` January 20 , 1612 -RRB- , Holy Roman Emperor as Rudolf II -LRB- 1576 â `` 1612 -RRB- , King of Hungary and Croatia , as Rudolf -LRB- 1572 â `` 1608 -RRB- , King of Bohemia as Rudolf II -LRB- 1575 â `` 1608\/1611 -RRB- and Archduke of Austria as Rudolf V -LRB- 1576 â `` 1608 -RRB- .
He visited the Umayyad Mosque , a former Christian church where John the Baptist is believed to be buried , where he made a speech calling for Muslims , Christians and Jews to work together .
Functions need not act on numbers : the domain and codomain of a function may be arbitrary sets .
He becomes the rule of Thebes after work the screen of the sphinx and in the process , tie the widow Queen , his mother Jocasta .
Miani is a village and union council , an administrative section , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal Tehsil .
Modern hardware stores typically sell equipment such as keys , lock , hinges , latch , corners , care , wire , chains , plumbing supplies , tools , utensils , cutter and machine parts , especially when they are made of metal .
The bank claims a loan recovery rate of 98.35 % , up from the 95 % recovery rate claimed in 1998 .
With the 2012 Games scheduled to take place in London , the British capital will hold the distinction of hosting the modern Olympics Games three times , more than any other city .
Sizes such as 95 % or 92 % retain the original case shape ; however , sizes of 87 % or 82 % might be needed .
The show is currently not on the air in the United States .
Since the development of technology , transmission and storage systems have been of huge interest to engineer and technology users .
look of web is the seventh studio album , fifth international release and last rebel Records release by Canadian-American singer-songwriter Alanis Morissette .
In the Voyager 2 images , Portia appears as an extended object whose major axis points towards Uranus .
`` This is the first thought , his image ; she became the womb of everything , for it is she who is prior to them all , the Mother-Father , the first man -LRB- Anthropos -RRB- , the holy Spirit , the thrice-male , the thrice-powerful , the thrice-named androgynous one , and the eternal eon among the invisible ones , and the first to come forth . ''
It will be replaced with Isaias in the 2014 season .
Later that year , Edith and the children went to Aachen , where they stayed with Edith 's mother , Rosa HollÃ nder .
The H bond -LRB- 5 to 30 kJ\/mole -RRB- is stronger than a van der Waals interaction , but light than covalent or Attic bonds .
He won the FedEx Cup in 2008 .
At the 2000 census the population was 3,782 .
Wake Forest 's undergraduate component consists of Wake Forest College -LRB- School of Arts and Science -RRB- and the Wayne Calloway School of Business and accounting .
Keselowski finished 16th . Shortly afterwards , he was called by car owner Dale Earnhardt , Jr to drive his # 88 United States Navy Chevrolet for JR Motorsports for the rest of the year in the Busch Series , posting five top-ten last .
After World War II Szell became closely associated with the Concertgebouw Orchestra of Amsterdam , where he was a frequent guest director and made a number of show . He also regularly appeared with the London Symphony Orchestra , the Vienna symphony , and at the Salzburg Festival .
dory -LRB- smoother vitreus , formerly Stizostedion vitreum -RRB- is a freshwater perciform fish native to most of Canada and to the northern United States .
Hiroaki Namba is a Japanese football player currently playing for Yokohama FC .
`` Objects and light are studied intensely , and are painted with a grand heart '' .
DSL supports only x86 PC .
He became engaged to his future wife , Emilie Rouanet-Kummer , whom he had met when still at school .
's final draft lottery pick .
From 22 October 1889 , the Portswood route operated via gig Road and Avenue Road .
The Adana massacre occurred in Adana Province , in the Ottoman Empire , in April 1909 .
At age 29 , she was the youngest person to ever serve in that position .
Because of the developing naval arms race with Germany , a key part of this discussion focused on naval issues .
The family lived in the village of Saccon - a rural home in San Vendemiano .
Mankato is a city in Blue Earth , Nicollet , and Le Sueur counties in the U.S. state of Minnesota .
Animals that have two sets of teeth , one followed by the other , are said to be diphyodont . Normally the dental formula for milk teeth is the same as for adult teeth except that the grinder are missing .
Translation : We , Ernst , Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha , JÃ 1\/4 lich , clef and iceberg , also Angria and Westphalia , Landgrave in Thuringia , Margrave of Meissen , grand Count of Henneberg , Count of the Mark and Ravensberg , Lord of Ravenstein and Tonna , et cetera .
By the time he was 13 , he had composed several religious works .
The Mahseer -LRB- Tor putitora -RRB- , an indigenous riverine fish found in the Hub River , grows up to 2m in length and provides for excellent weight .
This page revision has been crush from the public archives and from administrator view .
The county was formed on April 17 , 1881 , from parts of Orange County and Wake County , taking the name of its own county seat .
Le Mesnil-Benoist is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
These include tools such as etna burner , and microscope as well as strength equipment such as operant check chambers , spectrophotometer and calorimeter .
Reginald Fitz first described acute and chronic appendicitis in 1886 , and it has been recognized as one of the most common causes of severe acute ab pain worldwide .
Galicea maria is a communicate in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 4,950 people . It has the following part villages : Galicea maria .
In 1976 the franchise relocate to Denver , Colorado and became the Colorado Rockies .
The set factor in such cases is sun availability .
Some word might have been changed or enter -LRB- or double in later paragraph -RRB- , and with even just a few `` bad-apple '' changes , an article can seem chaotic or cheap .
To the surprise of many , she decided not to seek re-election to the senate in 1989 .
Gochujang is also used as a base for making other condiments like chogochujang -LRB- ì ê ì '' ì -RRB- and ssamjang -LRB- hangul : ì ì -RRB- .
Herbert von Karajan , who in his early years was FurtwÃ ngler 's most hate rival , maintained throughout his life that FurtwÃ ngler was one of the great influences on his music making , even though his cool , objective modern style had little in common with FurtwÃ ngler 's white-hot romance . The director who probably most clearly represented a continuity with FurtwÃ ngler 's incandescent style was Jascha Horenstein , who had worked as an assistant to FurtwÃ ngler in Berlin during the 1920s .
In 1512 Locarno , the Maggia Valley , Lugano and Mendrisio were annexed .
The series follows Charles Henderson , the creator of the false CHERUB organization .
The Seven Network -LRB- commonly known as Channel Seven or simply Seven -RRB- is an Australian television network owned by the Seven Media Group , lead by largest shareholder Kerry stoke .
The General Characteristics section can be given a legend using the head legend field .
He wrote that Giovanni Bellini was the oldest and still the best of the artists in Venice .
The Singapore River flows from the Central Area , which lies in the Central Region in the southern part of Singapore before empty into the ocean .
Bahawalnagar is the capital city of Bahawalnagar District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
FurtwÃ ngler returned in 1952 and conducted the orchestra until his death in 1954 .
Alpha was the first tropical storm to be assigned a Greek-alphabet name after the list of hurricane names was exhausted .
Meetings were set up and the Speedway was purchased on November 14 , 1945 .
Sir Edward Thomas `` Ted '' down , CBE -LRB- 17 June 1924 -- 10 July 2009 -RRB- was an English director , narrow in opera .
A Kirkwood gap is a gap or dip in the distribution of main belt asteroid with semi-major axis -LRB- or equivalently their orbital period -RRB- , as seen in the histogram below .
It was formed in 2004 from the union of the municipality of MÃ 1\/4 nster and Geschinen .
Mercedes-Benz is a division of its parent company , Daimler silver .
PRNGs that use system S to seed data generally produce better results , since this makes the initial conditions of the PRNG much more difficult for an attacker to guess .
Duke Nukem : Total Meltdown -LRB- titled simply Duke Nukem in Europe -RRB- , the PlayStation version , contains all three original episodes , plus a new one , Plug 'n' Pray , which includes six extra levels and a secret level , the latter which was also included in the PC version .
Weismann is much admire today .
Topalov won the 2005 cheat Oscar .
They down all parts of their target , including skin , hair , square , flesh and bones , holding their food down with their forepaws .
In Faust 's study , the poodle transform into the devil -LRB- Mephistopheles -RRB- .
Italian settlers started arriving in Santa Catarina in 1875 and immigrated in large numbers until the 1910s .
WinRAR is a shareware file archiver and data compression utility developed by Eugene Roshal , and first released in autumn of 1993 .
The stadium hosted the 1980 MLB All-Star Game , as well as games of the 1963 , 1965 , 1966 , 1974 , 1977 , 1978 , 1981 , and 1988 World Series .
He plays as a hooker .
It cut to a depression late August 10 , but restrengthened back into a storm 24 hours later when it encountered a small area of strong water .
Pinellas County is a county located in the state of Florida .
Je Rinpoche refers to Je Tsongkhapa , the founder of the Gelug School .
Courtney Michelle Love -LRB- born Courtney Michelle Harrison ; July 9 , 1964 -RRB- is an American singer , lyricist , musician and actress , perhaps best known as frontwoman and rhythm guitarist for alternative rock band Hole .
The electromagnetic nature of photon and phonons are studied which show that the cycle of electromagnetic fields and of crystal wicket have much in common .
They have been warned many times .
The horse racing club , the Wimmera Racing Club , schedule around five race meetings a year at Ararat including the Ararat Cup meeting in November .
The United Nations Army start Operation Fallen Angels to destroy the Gundams , having discovered the location of the Meisters ' mothership , Ptolemaios .
He arrived back in Altenberg `` with ms and bird entire . ''
The incident later received notable attention and has received thousands of views on YouTube .
Edgar Holland Winter -LRB- born December 28 , 1946 -RRB- , is an American musician .
Before the receivership action , it was the sixth-largest bank in the United States .
He is notable as a performer of Australian traditional folk songs in an authentic style .
You will have won , completely , and avoided the insult words of the difficult users .
For anonymous-only blocks of Shared IP Addresses , please consider using or as your blocking reason as it causes less crime to innocent users .
The fox briefly moved into first place in the National League in late August 1948 , but they ultimately finished third as the weather went on to win the league title and lose to the Cleveland Indians in the World Series .
Some observer have referred to the Tea in `` Tea Party '' as the bacronym `` tax Enough Already '' .
Finally , in 1911 parts of Caldwell County , Mitchell County , and Watauga County were combined to form Avery County .
The Spree river runs through the district ; along its banks there is the Spreewald , a wooded area and habitat of several rare animals .
apple are an important factor in many sweet , such as apple pie , apple collapse , apple sharp and apple cake .
'' ... an incipient species will only -LRB- grow -RRB- when a few individuals break the set borders of their range ... the formation of a new race will never succeed ... without a long continued separation of the colonists from the other members of their species . ''
The notion of computability of a function can be relativized to an arbitrary set of natural numbers A. A function f is defined to be computable in A -LRB- equivalently A-computable or computable relative to A -RRB- when it meet the definition of a computable function with change allowing access to A as an prophet .
He took all of the science courses offered except advanced physics .
Energy conservation refers to efforts made to reduce energy consumption .
Selma is a city in and the county seat of Dallas County , Alabama , United States , located on the banks of the Alabama River .
Sir Run Run Shaw CBE , GBM -LRB- born November 23 , 1907 -RRB- is a Hong Kong media power .
In addition , the 50,000 man Czech host , fighting on the side of the Allies , was now trapped behind enemy-lines , and was attempting to fight its way out through the east to Vladivostok along the Bolshevik-held Trans-Siberian Railway .
Belle Isle is located at .
They play their home games at the 40 Center .
This is sometimes accomplished with vaccine-laced food spread in a disease-prone area and has been used to attempt to control madness in raccoon .
Support for holding another referendum in the foreseeable future seems to be growing , and another referendum being held is more possible than it has been recently .
It began simply as the halfway point on the rail line between Prosser and Sunnyside .
It is also known as Saturn XLIX ; its provisional appointment was S\/2007 S 4 .
Hermann Goldschmidt announced the discovery of the ninth moon of Saturn in April 1861 , which , he said , orbit between giant and Hyperion . Goldschmidt 's discovery was never confirmed , and Chiron was never seen again .
The genus glad contains about 260 species , of which 250 are native to sub-Saharan Africa , mostly South Africa .
Ð Ð 1\/2 Ð Ð 1\/4 Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð 3\/4 Ì Ñ Ð Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð Ñ Ñ Ñ Ñ Ð Ì Ñ .
FlÃ rez was married to German-born Australian Julia Trappe in a private civil ceremony on April 23 , 2007 in Vienna .
Goro is a boss and player character in the someone Kombat fighting game series .
In 2001 , he won an Emmy Award as `` Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series '' , for playing the -LRB- fictional -RRB- confess serial killer William Hinks in several episodes of The Practice .
At any one instant , half the hit are , to a change extent , inelastic hit -LRB- the pair have less kinetic energy in their translational move after the hit than before -RRB- , and half could be described as â super-elastic â -LRB- have more kinetic energy after the hit than before -RRB- .
Bromsgrove is cross by the A38 which was short-circuit to the east of the town in 1980 , the M5 pike borders the west side and the M42 pike starts at the north of the town .
Coconut water is the clear liquid inside young coconut -LRB- fruits of the coconut palm -RRB- .
L' HÃ tellerie is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
Harold `` Mum '' Mummery -LRB- August 25 , 1889 - December 9 , 1945 -RRB- - was a professional ice hockey defenceman , shooting left .
In her lifetime , Princess Alice carried out many Royal duties .
Humbercamps is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Suraj races in Bangalore , Karnataka , Pune and Mumbai , all major hub of this equestrian-lifestyle sport in India .
Razvi was politically powerful and a close advisor of the Nizam , whom he encouraged to hold the Indian government , and block the access of Hyderabad into India .
Temperatures on the surface have been estimated to lie between about â 20 Â C with the Sun smash , dropping to about â ' 190 Â C at the winter pole .
On the July 19 edition of Raw link continued their attacks on the Raw roster by first attacking Edge and then Chris Jericho , after the two longtime match attempted to control the group against each other .
Crawford Wilson -LRB- born June 19 , 1990 -RRB- is an American actor and voice actor , from Memphis , Tennessee .
Meanwhile , As poison as a result of the natural happening of As compound in drinking water remains a problem for many parts of the world including the United States .
In general , microkernels succeed when the task switching and intertask communication is fast , and fail when they are slow .
Lumpfish -LRB- stenbider -RRB- roe is used extensively in Danish cuisine , on top of halved or slice hard-boiled eggs , on top of hill of shrimp , or in combination with other fish or seafood .
In this study , competitors , in terms of market share , included security become from CA , Trend Micro , and Kaspersky Lab .
Havel 's mother came from a well known family ; her father was an ambassador and well-known journalist .
From 1922 until 1972 it was the residence of Governor of Northern Ireland .
Despite being under intense gunfire , Crawford rise the mast and complete the colors to the top .
In 1954 , twenty-two rural school districts joined with Ackley to form the Ackley Community School . Ackley celebrated its centenary in 1957 .
Aice5 was officially dissolve on September 20 , 2007 .
For example , given the set , the answer is yes because the subset heart to zero .
To pilot the two remaining new units , Lockon Stratos ' twin brother is invited to assume his brother 's codename and former position as the pilot of the Cherudim Gundam , and after Allelujah Haptism is deliver from the prison he was being stay in during the timeskip , he take the command of Arios Gundam .
, with , and vague elements = 0 .
If enough users vote that the story is worthy of being posted , then it becomes the first story on the home page , and will later be pushed down the page .
Use where x is the decimal number .
After Estelle fast , its wet became frame in a till over the islands , causing significant rain and thunderstorms over the archipelago .
The entrance hall of Stamford Hill railway station on Amhurst Park lies within the London Borough of Hackney , but the platform area lies within Tottenham in the London Borough of Haringey in north east London , and is in Travelcard Zone 3 , on the White hart lane branch of the Lea Valley Lines .
The university also has several other campus located across Victoria .
It spread into psychedelic folk , psychedelic rock , psychedelic pop and psychedelic soul in the 1960s before correct in the early 1970s .
A season finale -LRB- British English : last in the series ; Australian English : season final -RRB- is the final episode of a season of a television program .
Sinceny is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
disagreement between tribe might last for generations in Scotland and Ireland .
It is lit by 218 2000-watt flood , have a total of 436,000 W .
A stamp act is a law enacted by government that requires a tax to be paid on the transfer of certain documents .
The type species is H. taibaii .
In August 1921 , de Valera made the DÃ il upgrade his office from Prime Minister to President of the Irish Republic , which apparently made him equivalent to George V in the negotiations .
It features `` connection '' between work , which are available in a range of line styles and help building drawings such as flowchart .
Colloquy 2.1 is the last supported version of Colloquy for OS X v 10.3 .
Artists sometimes use joint wooden form in drawing the human figure .
The BT ZIP area , also known as the Belfast ZIP area , covers Northern Ireland and was the last part of the United Kingdom to be code , between 1970 and 1974 .
Filppula won his first Stanley Cup when Red Wings defeated Pittsburgh penguin 4-2 in the 2008 Stanley Cup Finals .
This command is for use by servers to report errors to other servers .
couple ' Earl Grey and Lady Grey box bears the official second and signature of Richard Grey , 6th Earl Grey .
In July , 1804 William Van cape served as Aaron Burr 's second in Burr 's duel with Alexander Hamilton , and was present when Burr killed Hamilton .
Wookieepedia , the Star Wars Wiki is an online encyclopedia for information on the Star Wars fictional universe -- including information on all six films , as well as The Clone Wars and the Expanded Universe .
Aberfoyle was first settled in the 1840s and is named for Aberfoyle , Scotland .
In 1993 , the newly independent Slovakia introduced its own koruna , replacing the Czech koruna at par .
In addition , Germany has a powerful Constitutional Court , the Bundesverfassungsgericht .
Tirana is the capital and the largest city of Albania .
However , Smoke comes out from under the bed and claims that he did the right thing .
Circa Survive is an American progressive rock band from the Philadelphia , Pennsylvania suburb of Doylestown , formed in 2004 .
Such actions can include laws passed by the legislative branch , court decisions , or acts of the administration .
Part II of this chapter deals with the Senate .
The Page Up and Page Down keys -LRB- sometimes cut as PgUp and PgDn -RRB- are two keys commonly found on computer keyboard .
If the relationship between the Churches is complete , involving fulness of `` those bonds of sharing - faith , sacrament and pastoral governance - that permit the Faithful to receive the life of grace within the Church '' , it is called full sharing .
An anonymous author romanized the spelling to Loxodonta and the ICZN know this as the proper authority .
Not all simplified or `` broken '' forms of a language -LRB- cant -RRB- are pidgin .
The pedigree is a horse breed best known for its use in horse racing . Although the word pedigree is sometimes used to refer to any breed of thoroughbred horse , it technically refers only to the pedigree breed .
One or two players regularly form a side on beach courts divided by a net like beach tennis .
Muslim - 92.55 % , Hindu - 7.18 % , Buddhist - 0.06 % , Christian - 0.07 % and Others - 0.14 % .
In 1998 , she contributed back-up song for the Refugee Camp 's `` It 's Too Late '' , a Carroll King cover .
His father was a councillor to Duke Guillaume IV of Hainault , and also had a position in a church in Monday .
He then played romantic leads , notably in the early 1970s BBC television series , The Borderers , in which he was swashbuckling Gavin m .
The idea of a supercard featuring the two top promotion of the Monday Night Wars was considered to be a `` dream match '' scenario in the eyes of many fans , as it would allow the fans to see which promotion would be kayfabe superior .
Five new second Moon discovered between 2002 and 2003 were announced in 2004 .
Serbian , Jews , Rome and Croatian anti-fascists , including Communist Croatian and contestant Croatian involved Catholic priests , were intern in concentration camps , the largest of which was the Jasenovac complex , where many were killed by UstaÅ e reserves .
Lurcy is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
Liadan finally gives birth to her son and her mother and father realize when the child is born that his father -LRB- Bran -RRB- must have been the son of John and Margery , kinsman of Iubdan when he was Lord of Horrowfield .
The exception of professionals caused several argument throughout the history of the modern Olympics .
Previously the Lieutenant Governor handle all judicial , fiscal and executive power and circa 1900 had more power over his land than any other Commonwealth leader .
He is also a Wikipedia administrator and the founder of the English Wikipedia community newsletter , The Wikipedia Signpost .
Chris is Piper and Leo 's second son .
Franck RibÃ ry -LRB- ; born 7 April 1983 -RRB- is a French football player who currently plays for German club Bayern Munich in the Bundesliga .
Torhout is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders .
Duplex slide rules often double some of the scale on the back .
Since 1980 it is conducted regularly every 10 years . In between , there is also economic census -LRB- every 10 years , five years after population census -RRB- and agricultural census -LRB- three years after population census -RRB- .
An oil field is a region with an abundance of oil wells pull oil -LRB- crude oil -RRB- from below ground .
Baker Street tube station is a station on the London Underground located at the join of Baker Street and the Marylebone Road .
Amir felt that life would be easier if Hassan was not around , so he planted a watch and some money from his birthday party under Hassan 's mattress in hopes that Baba would force him to leave ; Hassan falsely confess when face by Baba about the watch and the money .
The majority of tree species grow in tropical regions of the world and many of these areas have not been follow yet by botanist , making species diversity and ranges poorly understood .
Hurricane Vince was an unusual hurricane which developed in the northeast Atlantic basin .
The school form current affairs talks and receive celebrities as guest speakers .
Statutory law or statute law is written law -LRB- as opposed to oral or accustomed law -RRB- set down by a legislature -LRB- as opposed to regulatory law published by the executive branch or common law of the bench in a typical democracy\/republic -RRB- or by a legislator -LRB- in the case of an absolute monarchy -RRB- .
Early estimates had given an optimistic completion date of July 2003 , which contributed to the grave gaining the nickname G of the Bang .
After Operation Polo , Razvi was placed under house arrest and tried under Indian laws on inflammatory activities and move communal violence .
This guide takes a country_code , for example , `` US '' for the United States or `` UK '' for United Kingdom , a value in that country 's currency , a start_year , and applies to it the country 's consumer price inflation until `` recently '' .
The narwhal , Monodon monoceros is a medium-sized jagged giant that lives year-round in the Arctic .
Zella-Mehlis is a town in the Schmalkalden-Meiningen district , in Thuringia , Germany .
It has a shaggy , squirrel-like tail , a fairly short gag , small ears and soft fur .
Anna Stepanovna Demidova -LRB- 1878 - July 17 , 1918 -RRB- was a maid in the service of Tsarina Alexandra of Russia .
There are many diseases and conditions which cause a decrease in muscle mass , known as wasting , including : Dejerine Sottas syndrome -LRB- HSMN Type III -RRB- , inertia , as seen when a cast is put on a arm , or upon extended bedrest -LRB- which can occur during a extended illness -RRB- ; wasting - which is a `` body-wasting '' syndrome that is a co-morbidity of cancer and Congestive Heart Failure ; Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ; burns , liver failure , etc. .
Game Critics also named the game `` Best Action Game . ''
In 1981 , O'Leary and her husband established the consulting firm of -LRB- O'Leary & Associates , where she served as vice president and general counsel .
As a result , the mean tends to be higher than the median income , with the top earning households further it .
William Van cape 's brothers included U.S. Representative and Washington , D.C. Mayor John Peter Van cape and Vermont Governor Cornelius Peter Van cape .
He has played for Japan national team .
He was associated with the Royal Opera House from 1952 , and with Opera Australia from 1970 .
On 22 December , Henkel announced that the dispute with the team had been resolved with a mutual agreement and that legal action would not be follow , though the team would work with the German Prosecutor 's Office to clarify the matter .
This actually uses the spell faculty and allows the script to know what changes need to be made .
Gary Karr -LRB- born November 20 , 1941 -RRB- , is an American classical double bass star and teacher .
He was born in East Ham , Greater London and was a member of the Harringay greyhound .
In the time of the Early Roman Empire , there were usually about 25 â `` 35 standing host .
More than 100,000 people had their homes damaged in Nayarit .
It has a single track with the glasses of 16-34 3,004 X 75 , and is an asphalt track .
These 737-400 Combi aircraft are now in service .
During the Apartheid era , Graham consistently refused to visit South Africa until its government allowed attending audiences to sit mix .
Its relative major is E-flat major , and its parallel major is C major .
Andrew Barton `` Banjo '' Paterson , OBE -LRB- 17 February 1864-5 February 1941 -RRB- was an Australian bush poet , journalist and author .
He was the younger brother of Manchester United legend Jack Rowley .
He came up with one of the modern laws of plant cytology : `` New cell core can only grow from the division of other core . '' and start the terms cytoplasm and nucleoplasm .
monster -LRB- population 26,573 in 2000 census -RRB- is the principal town of monster District in Central Latvia , 36 km east of the capital Riga , situated at the meeting of the Daugava and monster rivers . It has been a town since 1928 .
Eusebius of Caesarea counted 220 , Athanasius of Alexandria counted 318 , and Eustathius of Antioch counted 270 -LRB- all three were present at the council -RRB- .
Those unable to walk were sling over the side .
A possible crack in Southampton Parish down trees and caused light property damage .
They have existed since the privatization of the network under the railway Act 1993 .
Before the announcement of its name on February 3 , 2007 -LRB- IAUC 8802 -RRB- , Neso was known by its provisional appointment , S\/2002 N 4 .
Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard , David C. Jewitt , Jan Kleyna , and Brian G. Marsden on May 4 , 2005 from observations taken between December 12 , 2004 and March 8 , 2005 .
As a result , the level of detail was highlight as an `` innovative best practice '' in the nor'-west assessment , which recommended cut warning with similar levels of detail in the future .
Zinc want affects about two billion people in the developing world and is associated with many diseases .
The Scriblerus Club style of humor as a whole influences The Author 's stuff , and it is possible that field adopt from Gay 's Three Hours after Marriage -LRB- 1717 -RRB- and The Beggar 's Opera -LRB- 1728 -RRB- .
After her death , a rose cultivar named in her honor received the Award of Garden Merit from the Royal Horticultural Society .
Gamma-ray break -LRB- GRBs -RRB- are shoot of gamma rays associated with extremely up-and-coming explosion that have been observed in distant galaxy .
EasyJet Airline Company Limited -LRB- style as easyJet -RRB- is a British airline headquartered at London Luton Airport .
Tamara Moskvina was seen with this spin in the 1960s , specifically at the 1965 European Figure Skating Championships .
Important : Only use sig = ~ ~ ~ ~ if you wish to sign the default blocking notice when used on a talk page .
According to his student , the famous late 16th century music theorist Gioseffo Zarlino , Willaert went to Paris first to study law , but instead decided to study music .
Several months after Michelangelo 's birth , the family returned to Florence , where Michelangelo was raised .
He then played with Jonas BjÃ rkman , who retired at the end of 2008 , and finally with Brazilian Bruno zoom .
Brian David Josephson , Fed -LRB- born 4 January 1940 ; Cardiff , Wales -RRB- is a Welsh physicist . He became a Nobel Prize laureate in 1973 for the prediction of the eponymous Josephson effect .
For Balukas 's part , she returned to Bay Ridge , took over management of her family 's pool hall , Hall of Fame Billiards on Ovington Avenue in Brooklyn , and states that `` I 'm enjoying my life vastly ... I have moved on . ''
Asked in February 2008 which of the picture he would rather be remembered for , Stallone said `` it 's a tough one , but Rocky is my first baby , so Rocky . ''
The studio version was available on MySpace on September 2 , 2006 .
Robinson refused .
Most net labels acknowledge the Creative Commons license system thus book certain rights for the artist .
Cize is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
You could do quite a lot about knife crime with Â # 1.6 million .
Ilan Ramon -LRB- June 20 , 1954 - February 1 , 2003 ; , born Ilan Wolferman -RRB- was a fighter pilot in the Israeli Air Force , and later the first Israeli astronaut .
The Sea of Monsters is followed by The giant 's Curse , the third book of the five in the series .
The couples are then making out again , and the music video ends with the band leaving their instruments .
On November 15 , 1949 , she met Ronald Reagan , who was then president of the Screen Actors order .
Ununoctium is the temporary IUPAC name for the transactinide element having the nuclear number 118 and temporary element symbol Uuo .
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of 804 s , of which 768 s is land and 37 s -LRB- 4.54 % -RRB- is water .
Located near the modern village of Bardon Mill , it hold the Stanegate , the Roman road from the River Tyne to the Solway Firth .
For instance if there are no or several spaces after the guide .
On Census day -LRB- 29 April 2001 -RRB- there were 545 people living in Coagh .
It contains Sb in its +3 oxidation state .
Selena 's life was also the basis of the musical Selena Forever starring Veronica Vazquez as Selena .
He died in Oviedo .
The Vikings joined the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- as an expansion team in 1960 . They compete in the North Division of the National Football Conference -LRB- NFC -RRB- .
It is found in Colombia , Ecuador , and Panama .
Edward John Belfour -LRB- born April 21 , 1965 -RRB- is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goalkeeper .
Sergio Leone -LRB- ; January 3 , 1929 -- April 30 , 1989 -RRB- was an Italian film director , producer and screenwriter most associated with the `` Spaghetti Western '' genre .
This vertical linearity is particularly obvious in the design of windows , which became very large , sometimes of huge size , with slight stone mullion than in earlier periods , allowing greater scope for stained glass artisan .
Until 2003 the stadium and the vast amount of land that wall it was owned by Barnsley Football Club themselves , however after falling into administration in 2002 the council purchased the main Oakwell Stadium to allow the club to pay its creditors and remain participants in The Football League .
A public figure -LRB- such as a politician , celebrity , or business leader -RRB- can not base a lawsuit on wrong harmful statements unless there is proof that the writer or publisher acted with spite -LRB- knowledge or reckless cut for the truth -RRB- .
Batista re-start his feud with The Undertaker , which led to a match against Batista at Cyber Sunday , with Steve Austin winning a fan poll to become the special guest reader .
: : -LRB- ... and 24 similar , with Dcomma , D \/ , Doutput only ... -RRB-
The newspaper editors and broadcast producers of the Associated Press voted touched the AP Entertainer of the Year as the performer who had the greatest impact on culture and entertainment in 2008 , name her impression of Sarah Palin on SNL .
Typically , due to the high current draw when starting the pump motor , hydraulic lift are n't run using standard emergency power systems .
The Avatar State tips the battle in Aang 's favor , and makes swift work of Ozai .
What 's more , I say he can make us all rich .
Up until , not all points scored by a builder contributed to their final World Championship run -LRB- see list of points scoring systems for more information -RRB- .
The tag to contain the error message can be given through the argument , but it will only accept , , , and , since those are the only dog recognized by the parser function .
The governor has a cabinet consisting of the leaders of various state departments .
Magnus Carl Hedman -LRB- born 19 March 1973 in Huddinge -RRB- is a Swedish former football goalkeeper .
Ollezy is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Franklin eventually became extratropical near Newfoundland on July 30 , before being draw by a larger system .
Jonathan achieved some brief fame before he quit paleoanthropology altogether .
Rammstein 's entire catalogue is published by Universal Music Group .
The leaves are 3 â `` 10 cm long , alternate , simple , with a notched margin .
Sections 73 and 75-78 draft the original and appellate jurisdiction of the High Court .
The Gospel According to Luke -LRB- , to kata Loukan euangelion -RRB- , commonly cut to the Gospel of Luke or simply Luke , is the third and longest of the four basic Gospel .
The village of Bullockstone is about one mile to the west .
After BahÃ ` u 'll Ã h died on 29 May 1892 , the Will and Testament of BahÃ ` u 'll Ã h named ` Abdu ` l-Bah Ã as Centre of the compact , replacement and voice of BahÃ ` u 'll Ã h 's save .
From 1905 to 1926 , Kes was director of a music conservatory in Koblenz .
Xena is accompanied by Gabrielle -LRB- played by Renee O'Connor -RRB- , who during the series changes from a simple farm girl into an amazon warrior and Xena 's greatest ally ; her initial naÃ vetÃ helps to balance Xena and assists her in know and follow the `` greater good '' .
The rebec also continued to be used in folk music , especially in eastern Europe and Spain . Andalusi nubah , a genre of music from North Africa , often includes the rebec .
These are not normally used in payment , although they are legal tender .
Another large educational establishment in Aylesbury is the Aylesbury Music Centre , which has its own premises meet Aylesbury High School .
Wilma was the 22nd storm -LRB- including the subtropical storm discovered in reanalysis -RRB- , 13th hurricane , sixth major hurricane , and fourth Category 5 hurricane of the record-breaking 2005 season .
The problem with most scenario of abiogenesis is that the thermodynamic balance of amino acid versus peptide is in the direction of separate amino acid .
Dr. Tenenbaum and her Little Sisters help Jack escape through the air system , where he falls and loses consciousness . When Jack wake , Dr. Tenenbaum has already deactivated some of his check responses -LRB- such as the trigger phrase itself -RRB- and assists him in breaking the remaining ones , among them one that would have eventually stopped his heart .
medieval metal or peasant metal is a sub-genre of heavy metal music that trust the aggression of sentence metal with the dark melancholy of medieval rock . The music of medieval metal is diverse with bands known to adopt the medieval approach to different styles of heavy metal music .
The West Stand is the only original part of Oakwell Stadium left standing , however it was made ` all-seater ' in 1995 .
The Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority -LRB- GBRMPA -RRB- considers the earliest evidence of complete reef structures to have been 600,000 years ago . According to the GBRMPA , the current , living reef structure is believed to have begun growing on the older platform about 20,000 years ago .
Rolex watches are frequently fake , often illegally sold on the street and online .
Le Tuzan is a communicate in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
As of the 2000 Census , the population was 5,044 .
The following is a list of the 339 communicate of the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in France .
Villa Clara also has numerous lakes , which are used for both water sports and fishing .
McAllister heads a coalition government with the liberal FDP , the Cabinet McAllister .
The Statue of Freedom â '' also known as Armed Freedom or simply Freedom â '' is a bronze statue designed by Thomas Crawford that , since 1863 , has top the bean of the U.S. Capitol in Washington , D.C. .
Track 8 -LRB- break -RRB- serves as a link between the two half , beginning with techno-style dance beats before switching to the piano interlude .
A war between the citizens and their bishop cost dear in 1519-1523 when they engaged in a feud .
Its orbit is slightly more case that that of Hygiea -LRB- 15 % versus 12 % -RRB- but disagree from Hygiea 's in its much greater list and slightly shorter period .
The tentacles are used to gather organic dust from the water or substrate , and probably also function as gill .
The great majority of phosgene is used in the production of isocyanate , the most important being toluene diisocyanate -LRB- TDI -RRB- and methylene diphenyl diisocyanate -LRB- MDI -RRB- .
The eldest son became the first in a line of early Vietnamese kings , collectively known as the HÃ ng kings -LRB- HÃ ng VÆ Æ ng or the Há '' `` ng BÃ ng Dynasty -RRB- .
He was knight in 1965 and appointed to the Order of Merit in 1981 .
It reach over an area of about 14,000 kmÂ .
A particular day may be represented by a different date in another calendar as in the Gregorian calendar and the Julian calendar , which have been used simultaneously in different places .
While sideline , Orton appeared on Raw and claimed that he was ineligible for the WWE Draft Lottery due to his injury .
David Di Michele -LRB- born 6 January 1976 in Guidonia , Italy -RRB- is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Lecce .
Lago di Palagnedra is a lake at Palagnedra , Ticino , Switzerland .
It was named after Leda , who was a lover of Zeus , the Greek equivalent of Jupiter -LRB- who came to her in the form of a range -RRB- .
Another unit was converted into departmental service , and survived in BR ownership until the early 1980s .
Michael J. Fox , OC -LRB- born Michael Andrew Fox ; June 9 , 1961 -RRB- is a Canadianâ `` American actor , author , comic , producer , activist and voice-over artist .
However , they also have significant differences , such as fully longitudinal sit similar to that used on London Underground rolling stock to give more standing room , which is necessary for the high passenger volume metro-style services expected to be run on London Overground .
The original group featured Ric style , Arn and Ole Anderson , and Cicero Blanchard .
Examples of salt lakes include Great Salt Lake , the Aral Sea and the Dead Sea .
This chart displays the rank structure of the Royal Canadian Air cadet .
The song provided the 4 with their first US chart-topper in July 1999 , and also reached the UK Top 10 .
Since 1987 an example of the castle has featured on the reverse side of ten pound notes issued by the Royal Bank of Scotland .
On separate occasions the bishop of Utrecht gave the Veluwe and William II , who was count of both Holland and Zeeland and who was elected anti-king of the Holy Roman Empire -LRB- 1248-1256 -RRB- , gave Nijmegen in use to Guelders in return of a loan .
She represented Texas in the Miss USA 2008 pageant held in April 2008 .
Basically , you do n't even need to be present at all to have a long set of problems force into each article you wrote , contacts to users you know and consider stating how wrong your opinions are -LRB- or rather , would be -RRB- .
Java is an island of Indonesia .
SÃ rgio Paulo Marceneiro da ConceiÃ Ã # o -LRB- ; born 15 November 1974 -RRB- is a former Portuguese footballer , who played mostly as a right winger .
Hurricane Lenny was the 12th tropical storm , eighth hurricane , and fifth category 4 hurricane in the 1999 Atlantic hurricane season .
â Tony Travers , local government expert at the London School of Economics , said : â I think most people will be shocked .
According to Bagemihl , `` the animal kingdom -LRB- does -RRB- it with much greater sexual diversityâ '' including gay , bisexual and nonreproductive sexâ '' than the scientific community and society at large have previously been willing to accept . ''
In 741 the church was destroyed in a fire .
Some postwar Israeli also referred contemptuously to Jewish victims of Nazism with the Hebrew word ` -LRB- sabon , `` soap '' -RRB- .
Mounted frame of Huayangosaurus are on display at the Zigong Dinosaur Museum in Zigong and the Municipal Museum of Chongqing in Sichuan Province in China .
Li Tie -LRB- ; born September 18 , 1977 in Shenyang , Liaoning -RRB- is a Chinese professional footballer currently playing for Liaoning Hongyun .
-LRB- -LRB- File : AnnaSophia Robb -LRB- 20050209 -RRB- .
Little is known of his background , but he was a minister in Ansty , Warwickshire , and vicar of Thornton .
Actor Mark Wells present an older Edmund at the end of the first film .
Venanson is a communicate in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeast France .
During an assignment to rescue Nico and Bianca di Angelo , Annabeth Chase and Cynthia , the goddess of the hunt , go missing .
The musicians live up to their reputation as feud siblings by getting depart into a curse-laden argument over an incident that happened on a ferry .
Apart from the Millerâ `` Urey experiment , the next most important step in research on prebiotic organic synthesis was the demonstration by Joan OrÃ that the nucleic acid purine base , A , was formed by heating aqueous ammonium cyanide solutions .
The word has become synonymous with any large sea monster or creature .
The Far Eastern Republic -LRB- ; romanised : Dalnevostochnaya Respublika , DVR -RRB- , sometimes called the Chita Republic , was a nominally independent state that existed from April 1920 to November 1922 in the easternmost part of the Russian Far East .
2 '' and `` Live Together , Die Alone Pt .
On episodes of Celebrity risk !
After two years in the child , he finally check the NHL with the Detroit Red Wings .
It was hosted by newsreader Don Secombe , and like its American inspiration , featured regular celebrity panelists including Ron Cadee , Babette Stevens and Joy Chambers -LRB- future wife of Australian game show promoter Reg Grundy -RRB- .
The relationship of the other flower parts to the gynoecium can be an important systematic and systematic character . The ovary of the gynoecium can be above the bond of petals and sepals to the receptacle .
B of the Bang was a grave designed by Thomas Heatherwick , in Manchester , England , located next to the City of Manchester Stadium at Sportcity .
Shortly thereafter , the warning was extended to Los Mochis and issued for the eastern coast of Baja California Sur south of 25 Â N. Ten hours before Ismael made its final landfall , the Mexican government issued a hurricane warning from MazatlÃ n to Los Mochis .
Currently , the theme song for the Raw brand is `` Burn It to the Ground '' by Nickelback , which has been used for the brand since November 16 , 2009 .
Originally the coat of arms of the city showed an eagle as well as a beaver as a pitch symbol .
On 14 December 2008 , it was revealed that the collapse of Bernard Madoff 's Ponzi scheme might mean the loss of 2.33 billion euro at Banco Santander .
He could only place second or third on the subsequent dash stages , but returned to form later in the race winning stages 12 , 13 , 18 and the green jersey points classification .
Pope Leo 13 -LRB- 2 March 1810 - 20 July 1903 -RRB- , born Vincenzo Gioacchino Raffaele Luigi Pecci to an Italian comital family , was the 256th Pope of the Roman Catholic Church , rule from 1878 to 1903 .
The University has two campus : the Hibbard Avenue main campus , and the College of Agriculture and Marine Lab campus .
It has been estimated that more than one million people in the world can see today because of initiatives inspire by hole , the most notable example being The Fred hole Foundation .
They received considerable support from Minister of Defense Gustav Noske , a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany , who used them to crush the German Revolution and the red Spartacist League and arrest Karl Liebknecht and Rosa Luxembourg , who were killed on 15 January 1919 .
An evolved , average-size star will now shed its outer layers as a world nebula .
The School currently has an open doors access policy .
Joseph Arthur Comte de Gobineau -LRB- 14 July 1816 , Ville-d ` Avray , Hauts-de-Seine -- 13 October 1882 , Turin -RRB- was a French aristocrat , novelist and man of letters who became famous for developing the racist theory of the Indo-European master race in his book An Essay on the Inequality of the Human Races -LRB- 1853 â `` 1855 -RRB- . De Gobineau is credit as being the father of modern racial demography .
In 1981 , some 1,900 anti-nuclear activists were arrested during protests at Diablo canon Power Plant .
The word `` taupe '' come from the Latin name for the European Mole , Talpa europaea .
A wind turbine is a device that change kinetic energy from the wind into mechanical energy .
Then it struck him to approach George Bernard Shaw -LRB- the most famous living playwright in the English speaking world at the time -RRB- , whom Pa had met auspiciously many years earlier .
Extreme metal is a generally defined umbrella term for a number of related heavy metal subgenres that have developed since the early 1980s .
Bayenghem-l Ã s - Ã perlecques is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
Then followed an unsuccessful round of voting with neither Steve Rodan , John Shimmin or David Cannan being elected .
He was commission to raise a reserves company to fight in the French and Indian War , and he served the King as Captain in this unit on the northern frontier .
Dundee United 's home ground throughout their history has been Tannadice Park , located on Tannadice Street in the Clepington area of the city .
A lorry -LRB- 42-6452 -RRB- containing about 440 pounds of high explosive crashed through the main gate of the Central Bank , a seaside high-rise which managed most of the financial business of the country .
Since this value is near the near diameter of Ananke itself , it is likely the parent body was not heavily interrupt .
It was named in honor of Charles Francis Greville .
The figure above is a formal that show one possible view of the relationship between the fields :
Some wine experts deal that the optimal temperature for aging wine is 55 Â , others 59 Â . Wine refrigerator offer an alternative to wine basement .
La Hoguette is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
Harpalyke belongs to the Ananke group , believed to be the end of a break-up of a captured heliocentric star-shaped .
He then attended Davison High School , where he was active in both drama and debate , graduate in 1972 .
Daignac is a communicate in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Chavanges is a communicate in the Aube department in north-central France .
He also shows Rosina the letter she wrote to `` Lindoro '' , and convince her that Lindoro is merely a yes-man of Almaviva .
Used on the Metropolitan Line , No. 12 lasted along with other engine , until 1961 .
Fallin also holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Oklahoma State University .
While the overall race leader in the Tour de France will wear the yellow jersey , or `` maillot jaune '' , the green jersey -LRB- `` maillot vert '' -RRB- will be worn by the leader in the points competition .
Most of the streets in Gander are named after famous flyer , including Amelia Earhart , Alcock and Brown , Charles Lindbergh , Eddie Rickenbacker , Marc Garneau and Chuck Yeager .
The Anguidae is a large and diverse family of lizard native to the northern hemisphere .
This shows how the digital divide of mobile phones is different from the digital divide of the internet . The digital divide in mobile technologies is defined by how advanced ones technology is rather than if a person does or does not have the technology .
Saint-Didier is a communicate in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur region in southeast France .
To over Six Continent .
Ucon is a city in Bonneville County , ID , United States .
North Carolina is a state located in the southeast United States .
Takeshi Yamaguchi is a Japanese footballer .
Roman roads were follow and built from scratch , with the aim of connecting key points by the most direct possible route .
It is the fourth book in the Redwall series .
It was the first tournament that the South African cricket team played in , following the end of the international sports boycott .
The album was issued on November 7 , 2006 .
On 8 October 2009 it was announced that she had been awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature , with the Swedish Academy describing her as a woman `` who , with the concentration of poetry and the candor of prose , show the landscape of the homeless '' .
It also houses the headquarters of the Eastern Caribbean Central Bank , as well as the headquarters for many other regional financial institutions .
Momentum is a husband quantity -LRB- law of conservation of linear momentum -RRB- , meaning that if a closed system is not affected by external forces , its total momentum can not change . Momentum is sometimes referred to as linear momentum to name it from the related subject of angular momentum .
The Santa Susana Mountains are a cross range of mountains in southern California , north of the city of Los Angeles , in the United States .
Frampton Comes Alive !
The state 's southern part is located in the Amazon rainforest , while the north has open grassland fields , and there is a small strip of savannah to the east .
Denison is a city in Grayson County , Texas , United States .
The `` Shanghai Fugu Agreement '' was supposed to provide special regulations for certified fugu chef internationally .
In 1599 , he published the first part of GuzmÃ n de Alfarache , a celebrated picaresque novel which passed through no less than 16 version in five years ; a spurious sequel was issued in 1602 , but the authentic sequel did not appear until 1604 .
During the group 's promotion , members Jessica , Tiffany and Seohyun were also featured on a mini-album released by Roommate , a one-man band from Purple Communication . The mini-album was titled Roommate : Emotional Band Aid , and was released on December 1 , 2008 .
A Fever You Ca n't Sweat Out is the debut studio album by American alternative rock band Panic !
, the northern border of Å umadija lay between Avala and Kosmaj mountain .
Islamabad is located in the Pothohar Plateau in the north of the country , within the Islamabad Capital Territory . The region has historically been a part of the crossing of Punjab and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa with Margalla pass acting as the gateway between the two regions .
GogoÅ u is a communicate in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 1,009 people .
In 1996 he was an honorary doctor of University of Toulouse and in 1997 he was an honorary professor of Moscow State University .
He soon met DelbrÃ 1\/4 ck and Hershey , and they cooperate on experiments at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory and in DelbrÃ 1\/4 ck 's lab at Vanderbilt University .
Cape Breton Island -LRB- â '' formerly Ã le Royale , Scottish Celtic : Eilean Cheap Breatainn , MÃ kmaq : Ã namakika , simply : Cape Breton -RRB- is an island on the Atlantic coast of North America .
`` Telephone '' is a song by American recording artist Lady crazy from her third extended play -LRB- EP -RRB- and second major release The Fame Monster -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , featuring American R&B singer BeyoncÃ Knowles .
James Earl Jones sound Maggie in `` Treehouse of Horror V '' .
They were a development of the earlier Class 26 ; both were originally classified as the BRCW Type 2 .
Sorbais is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
A number of projects to develop computers based on the stored-program architecture get around this time , the first of these being completed in Great Britain .
Celestia is available for Linux , Mac OS X , and Microsoft Windows .
He also saw problems with the merchant class at the time , which he accused of conspiring to fix prices .
The first version of iWork , iWork ' 05 , was announced on January 11 , 2005 by Vardaan at the Macworld Conference & exhibition and made available on January 22 in the United States and worldwide on January 29 . iWork '05 be two applications : Keynote 2 , a presentation creation program , and Pages , a word processor .
At the end of March 2008 , Markus RÃ bke , one of the keeper who helped rear Knut , reported that the bear should leave the zoo as soon as possible in order to help him acclimate to a life alone .
Linspire bases their product code names on fish found near their headquarters : Linspire\/LindowsOS 4.5 was code named Coho ; Linspire Five-0 -LRB- 5.0 and 5.1 -RRB- and Freespire 1.0 , Marlin ; and Freespire 2.0 and Linspire 6.0 , Skipjack .
Air cure-all , LÃ neas AÃ reas del MediterrÃ neo , S.A. , also known as Iberia Regional , is a regional airline based in Valencia , Spain . Air cure-all is an independent carrier which operates as a franchisee of Iberia Airlines .
Yoshiyuki Matsuyama -LRB- born July 31 , 1966 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The tactics became especially associated with the stormtroopers of the German Army , where they were also called Hutier tactics , after General Oskar von Hutier , who used these tactics to great effect during Operation Michael in March 1918 .
Victor was responsible for learning for Hammer gallery , including the so-called Romanov value and FabergÃ eggs .
At the final Tribal Council , Ara and Danielle were asked questions ranging from who contributed the most in getting them into the final two , as to why the other outcast was more worth of the million dollar prize .
A bourse is where dealers , collector and the public buy , sell and trade coins .
It was founded and published by the Italian Bartolomeo Benincasa in 1806 .
Early in the show 's run , the celebrities would indeed have a secret .
La Grange is a city in Oldham County , Kentucky , United States .
1.51 % of the population were Hispanic or Hispanic of any race .
When Ridgway tongue-in-cheek compared the multiple-drum-machine - and Farfisa-organ-laden show to Phil Spector 's Wall of Sound , Berardi commented it sounded more like a `` wall of fetish '' , and the name stuck .
They carry a handbell to attract people 's attention , as they shout the words `` Oyez , Oyez , Oyez ! ''
These cards overcome and knocked out opponents in one hit .
Its boundaries were altered in 1866 and 1868 .
Real set software , for over 30 years , typically has had simple directive to trigger alliance as left , right , center , or undented -LRB- beyond the left-margin line -RRB- .
The Great Barrier Reef : Biology , Environment and Management is a 2008 book by Pat Hutchings , Mike Kingsford and Ove Hoegh-Guldberg .
In addition , there are Court Offices in the nine Member States , which house the chambers of the High Court Judges and the offices of the High Court register .
Wrexham Football Club .
Beginning in the 1970s , amateurism requirements were gradually phase out of the Olympic Charter .
In the spring of 1939 , the IOC gave the 1940 Winter Olympics , now scheduled for February 2-11 , to Garmisch-Partenkirchen , Germany , where the previous 1936 games had been held .
The majority of the users are students in high school or college .
The bridesmaids are members of the bride 's wedding party in a wedding .
He has played for Japan national team .
Freeport is located at .
There was no Reward Challenge and was not yet known to outcast .
They understand intuitively that dog is to dogs as cat is to cats ; similarly , dog is to dog catcher as dish is to dishwasher , in one sense .
In most species , the sperm channel includes two or three barbed structures that presumably aid in congress , although the details are unknown .
Mede is a comune -LRB- municipality -RRB- in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 50 km southwest of Milan and about 35 km southwest of Pavia .
plot software is a computer program that is used to produce graphic plot .
The Caucasus , Himalayas , Karakum Desert , and Gobi Desert formed barriers that the steppe horsemen could only cross with difficulty .
The mayor is Tim Reed .
In Luke -LRB- 10:38 â `` 42 -RRB- , Mary , sister of Lazarus is contrast with her sister Martha , who was `` restrain about many things '' while Jesus was their guest , while Mary had chosen `` the better part , '' that of listening to the master 's treatment .
Rather , plasmid provide a mechanism for horizontal gene transfer within a population of bug and typically provide a selective advantage under a given environmental state .
The device was released in Japan on February 26 , 2011 , Europe on March 25 , 2011 , North America on March 27 , 2011 and Australia on March 31 , 2011 .
He was born in May 1902 into a prominent Karachi family .
He hit 59 goals and added 191 assists .
They are so named because the female has two distinct sexual give : one for couple , and the other for laying eggs -LRB- in contrast to the Monotrysia -RRB- .
The results of the meeting were inconclusive , and Waldo 's ideas , but not the movement itself , were sentence at the Third Lateran Council in the same year , though the leaders of the movement had not been yet curse .
Alfalfa -LRB- Medicago sativa -RRB- is a flower plant in the pea family Fabaceae work as an important grass crop in the US , Canada , Argentina , France , Australia , the Middle East , South Africa , and many other countries .
As a genre , it is generally believed to have been invented by the English author Horace Walpole , with his 1764 novel The Castle of Otranto .
The band plays all the time sturdy old school hard-core like Slapshot or 7seconds .
North-east Cape York Peninsula supports Australiaâ s largest areas of this highly diverse ecosystem .
The Fox and the dog 2 is a 2006 direct-to-video midquel to the 1981 Disney animated film The Fox and the dog .
In January 1908 New Market Academy assumed its current name , Shenandoah Valley Academy . The name was changed because New Market Academy double an old private school in New Market , ironically , the new name was shared with another , now defunct , military school in Winchester , Virginia .
In its dry year of 1940 , only 50 m fell for the whole year .
The city has been home to a number of semi-pro , development , and minor league sports teams , including the Wichita Falls Drillers , a semi-pro football team that has won numerous league titles and a national championship ; Wichita Falls Kings -LRB- formerly known as Wichita Falls razorback -RRB- , the semi-pro football team Wichita Falls Texans of the Continental Basketball Association ; Wichita Falls Fever in the only Star Soccer Alliance -LRB- 1989 â `` 92 -RRB- ; the Wichita Falls Spudders baseball team in the Texas League ; the Wichita Falls wolf -LRB- formerly the Wichita Falls Rustlers -RRB- of the North American Hockey League , an American `` Junior A '' Hockey league ; and the Wichita Falls tough -LRB- formerly the Graham tough -RRB- of the Texas Collegiate League .
The original four-year sponsorship deal has now been extended through to 2013 .
But I believe you 're always as good as your potential .
Bodine did not run the Trucks again until 2004 , when he compete for Fiddleback Racing at Charlotte , finishing 20th and also ran for HT Motorsports 's # 59 scheme at Kansas with a 15th .
In some cases , Calc want a GUI star to access certain advanced features associated with competing products , such as statistical capabilities like error bar support on chart , and polynomial regression analysis . However , many of these computing can be performed by manually entering the functions and relationships , plus a few macro .
Since 2000 , the president of the ICRC has been Jakob Kellenberger , a withdrawn man who rarely makes diplomatic appearances but who is skilled in personal talks and comfortable with the dynamics of the Assembly .
The extinction of the Carolina Parakeet represents the irrevocable loss of eastern North America 's only truly indigenous parrot . However , populations of a South American parrot species , Myiopsitta monacha , the Monk Parakeet , or Friend Parrot , began to breed in the same region from the 1960s forward .
The series ends with Bartlet returning to New Hampshire .
It then mix with the Sutlej River near Uch Sharif , Pakistan to form the Panjnad or the ` Five Rivers ' , the fifth being the Beas River which joins the Satluj near Ferozepur , India .
For Broadway Cares Michele has participated in Broadway skin , Broadway stop , Easter hood Competition and The Flea Market and Grand Auction .
George Haliburton `` Basil '' Hume OSB , OM -LRB- 2 March 1923 â `` 17 June 1999 -RRB- was an English central of the Roman Catholic Church .
Traditionally , Geisha began their training at a very young age .
The total domestic box office came to $ 70.3 million -LRB- and $ 155.7 million worldwide -RRB- .
It was part of Quetta Division until the year 2000 when divisions were abolished .
Due to recent protests by a number of Wikipedians that the award should be gender neutral , an extra option is now available to allow users to set a gender for the receiver of the award .
All members sleep together in a nest made out of chopped skin in a tree hole , anywhere from 6 to 30 metres above ground level and roughly in the center of a territory of 10,000 to 20,000 square metres , which they defend actively .
Charles Emmanuel retained the personal title of King .
Wilson began to read the law at the office of John Dickinson a short time later .
The first search of the scene occurred on 2-3 November 1896 , and the second search occurred on 18 December 1896 .
He wrote 29 anthem , ranging from large-scale works for chorus and organ such as Blessed city , heavenly Salem to elegant toy like I sat down under his shadow and Jesu , the very thought of thee .
dye also have side effects which lakes do not , including the fact that large amounts of dye have can color can .
Urartian was an ergative-agglutinative language , which belongs to neither the Semitic nor the Indo-European families but to the Hurro-Urartian family -LRB- whose only other known member is Hurrian -RRB- .
In the North , Kijong-dong features a number of bright painted , poured-concrete multi-story buildings and apartments with electric lighting .
It was elevated to the status of parish in 1547 by the bishop of PopayÃ n. It changed its name in 1584 when it became the capital of Antioquia .
The Shah Mosque of Isfahan is one of the perfect masterpiece of architecture in Iran .
Both sets feature the original Japanese monaural dialogue track as well as the English-dubbed version produced by United Artists for North American syndication .
Joan VerdÃ FernÃ ndez -LRB- born 5 May 1983 in Barcelona , Catalonia -RRB- is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for RCD Espanyol , as an attacking midfielder .
Charlie `` Lucky '' Luciano -LRB- born Salvatore Basilicata ; November 24 , 1897 â `` January 26 , 1962 -RRB- was an Italian gangster born in Sicily .
Demosthenes grew interested in politics during his time as a logographer , and in 354 BC he gave his first public political words .
When a instrument advances two square and there is an opponent 's instrument on an adjacent file next to its destination square , then the opponent 's instrument can capture it en passant -LRB- in passing -RRB- , and move to the square the instrument passed over .
Page-dependent magic words will affect or return data about the current page , even if the word is added through a transcluded guide or included system message .
Iran is third , followed by Turkey , Russia , Italy and India .
The Tree of Life , a grave 14-story -LRB- 145-foot-tall -LRB- 145 f -RRB- -RRB- , 50 f tree , is the centerpiece and icon in Disney 's Animal Kingdom theme park .
Many Roman Catholic pretend some dissident views , either on doctrinal or social issues .
The table below lists the larger wind farms in Texas , currently operating or under construction .
Smokey 's debut poster was released on August 9 , 1944 , which is considered his anniversary date .
Vellerat is a municipality in the district of DelÃ mont in the quarter of Jura in Switzerland .
In 1927 he was order as a priest , although he was so ill with TB he was not expected to live .
I Me Mine is also the title of Harrison 's autobiography .
Across cultures and culture , Yunus and Grameen Bank have shown that even the short of the poor can work to bring about their own developmentâ .
An inquiry after the storm concluded that there were probably construction fault in some buildings , and that the state of Florida did apply some strict building codes since 1986 , but they were either miss or ignored .
As of today , there is still no fix for this bug .
The University of Toledo is a public university in Toledo , Ohio , United States .
Chironex fleckeri , commonly known as sea wasp , is an notorious lethally deadly species of Box man-of-war living in coastal waters from northern Australia and New Guinea north to the Philippines and Vietnam .
That year , he also finished fifth in the early season Parisâ `` Nice stage race , and ninth in the world championship , but he abandoned the Tour de France on stage 3 , affected by a knee injury .
Yamamoto was becoming frustrated that he was n't contributing much , and choose to go back to college .
Berger led with Mansell , Senna , Nannini , Patrese and Prost behind .
WeiÃ wasser is the third largest town in the GÃ rlitz district after GÃ rlitz and Zittau .
Each component is about 86 Â 1 km across , with their centers separated by only about 171 km .
In 2002 , the zoo became a certified Botanical Gardens and the official name of the institution was changed to the Los Angeles Zoo and Botanical Gardens .
In anapsids -LRB- turtle -RRB- there are none , in synapsids -LRB- mammals and their out relatives -RRB- there is one , and in most diapsids -LRB- non-anapsid reptiles , including dinosaur and birds -RRB- there are two .
Another setting of Ave Maria was written by Giuseppe Verdi for his 1887 opera Otello .
Batman Begins is a 2005 superhero film based on the fictional DC Comics character Batman , directed by Christopher Nolan .
The key of A-major is the only key where a Neapolitan sixth chord on requires both a flat and a natural accidental .
BÃ cents rca is a communicate in Dolj County , Romania with a population of 4,500 people . It has the following part villages : BÃ cents rca .
It was replaced by Carol in the 1965 season .
The Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis -LRB- ; also known as the Federation of Saint Christopher and Nevis -RRB- , located in the lee Islands , is a federal two-island nation in the West indie .
It is situated 5 m south south-west of coal Cross .
Raywick is a city in Marion County , Kentucky , United States .
The album was released on November 26 , 2007 by GMM Grammy .
Cavendish retained the leader 's jersey by sprint to victory on stage two but finished fifth on stage three , losing the overall lead to Thor Hushovd , and was forced to withdraw from the race before stage four due to a lung infection .
It was voted ` Album of the Year ' for 2005 by NME , and reached number 3 on the UK Albums Chart before being certified platinum .
Dorothy Stuart Hamill -LRB- born July 26 , 1956 -RRB- is an American figure skater . She is the 1976 Olympic champion in Ladies ' Singles and 1976 World Champion .
International PEN , the worldwide association of writers , was founded in London in 1921 to promote friendship and intellectual co-operation among writers everywhere .
Some directors , most notably George Lucas , include it in almost every one of their production .
Although the team finished last , he nevertheless was responsible for 21 goals and 20 assists .
In general Chiapas has a humid , tropical climate .
Hiroyuki Takeda is a Japanese football player .
There have been station stop for safety reasons , when both escalator have been unusable .
She accepted , and Bundy declared to the court that they were legally married .
On Earth , nuclear reactions start by radioactive decline produce nucleogenic isotope rather than the radiogenic daughter isotope of simple decline . Unlike radioactive decline , nuclear reactions can be employed artificially to obtain nuclear energy , at an adjustable rate , on demand .
Bessie Smith was the daughter of Laura -LRB- nÃ e Owen -RRB- and William Smith .
The dam forms the Tarbela source , with a surface area of approximately 250 k. The dam was completed in 1974 and was designed to store water from the Indus River for irrigation , flood control , and the generation of hydroelectric power .
In response , Norwegian king Harald HÃ rfagre -LRB- `` Harald Fair Hair '' -RRB- annexed the Northern isle -LRB- be Orkney and Shetland -RRB- in 875 .
An warm friend of Greece , Adrian sought to make Athens the cultural capital of the empire and ordered the construction of many grand temple in the city .
load -LRB- metaBase + ' \/ w\/index .
Before his death he was in constant pain , unable to ease it , and would spend his days in prayer .
He is one of eight drivers to win three or more world championships , the others being Jack Brabham , Jackie Stewart , Niki Lauda , Ayrton Senna -LRB- 3 each -RRB- , Alain Prost -LRB- 4 -RRB- , Juan Manuel Fangio -LRB- 5 -RRB- , and Michael Schumacher -LRB- 7 -RRB- .
Charles-Louis de Secondat , power de La BrÃ de et de Montesquieu -LRB- Ë mÉ n tÉ skjuË , ; 18 January 1689 â `` 10 February 1755 -RRB- , generally referred to as simply Montesquieu , was a French social observer and political mind who lived during the Enlightenment .
Choi Eun-Sung -LRB- born 5 April 1971 -RRB- is a South Korean football player .
Lupin was a success , it won K Music Bank K-Chart on March 12 , March 19 , and March 26 , 2010 .
It is named after the astronomer Edwin Hubble .
It reached Category 3 strength on July 29 , the first major hurricane in the northeast Pacific basin since 2002 .
Hakha Chin is a language spoken in southern Asia by 446,264 people .
In November 2006 , Nakajima was named a Williams test driver for the 2007 season , alongside fellow test driver Narain Karthikeyan and race drivers Nico Rosberg and Alexander Wurz , place a race seat in .
Washington refused his offer to free , and wrote to members of Congress in an attempt to correct this , noting that `` two or three other very good officers '' might be lost if they run in making politically-motivated promotion .
It was the default window manager of Damn Small Linux and antiX , but was replaced with JWM in 2007 and 2009 respectively .
This period of the war was concluded in 421 BC , with the signing of the Peace of Nicias .
The city has a number of sports teams , both professional and amateur , and a number of venue across the city .
In 2008 Wojtaszek was one of world champion Anand official seconds for the match with Kramnik .
Hurricane Marilyn was the 15th tropical depression and 13th named storm of the remarkably busy 1995 Atlantic hurricane season , following closely on the heels of Hurricane Luis .
Hurstbourne Acres is a city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States .
The Australian Sports Medal was an award given during 2000 to recognize achievements in Australian sport .
The average hurricane season has about two Cape Verde-type hurricane , which are usually the largest and most intense force of the season because they often have plenty of warm open ocean over which to develop before see land .
The algorithm figure a recursive score for pages , based on the weight sum of the PageRanks of the pages join to them .
Natron 's detergent properties are now commercially supplied by soda ash , the mixture 's chief compound factor , along with other chemicals .
During her last term in Congress , Fallin served on the House Committee on Armed Services , the House Committee on Small Business , and the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure .
Professional teams took note of his play ; teams from Calgary , Edmonton and Toronto all offered him but he declined , choose to remain in his hometown .
The logarithmic spiral can be distinguished from the Archimedean spiral by the fact that the space between the work of a logarithmic spiral increase in geometric progress , while in an Archimedean spiral these space are constant .
Its county seat is Shawnee .
Rehman was born on 14 October 1983 in Birmingham .
In the lungless poker , muscles surrounding the hyoid bone contract to create pressure and actually `` shoot '' the hyoid bone out of the mouth along with the tongue .
It may have superficially resemble a modern-day silverfish worm .
Instead , the bacteria , part of the Chlorobiaceae family , use the light burn from the black smoker for photosynthesis .
Laverne & Shirley -LRB- also known as `` Laverne De Fazio & Shirley Feeney '' in the first season -RRB- is an American television situation comedy that ran on ABC from January 26 , 1976 , to May 10 , 1983 .
Within two months , Simpson had won five races and in July 1959 was offered terms by two professional teams ; he decided to join Rapha Geminiani , which already had a British wheeler , Brian Robinson .
Riggins was seat into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1992 .
Tamina -LRB- real name Sarona Reiher -RRB- is the daughter of Jimmy Snuka and sister of Jimmy Reiher , Jr. .
For the frog , which holds and set the near end of the horsehair , ebony is most often used , but other materials , often decorative , are used as well ; these include off-white and tortoiseshell .
The song `` Hello '' from Fallen has been reported to have been written for her late sister , as well as the song `` Like You '' from The Open Door .
These are inspired by the free software and open source movements and the success of GNU\/Linux .
Soba is occasionally used to refer to bean in general .
This evidence , a psychological process that `` ensure '' truth , is indeed a psychological process .
It was called `` Gobernador de la Provincia de Buenos air Dr. Oscar Alende Cup '' -LRB- in English , `` Governor of Buenos air Dr. Oscar Alende Cup '' -RRB- .
In 1999 , Hahn stated that she played bachelor more than any composer and that she had played solo bachelor pieces every day since she was eight .
It is best represented in the tropics but there are species in every region -LRB- Scoble , 1995 -RRB- .
Sabu round Cena in which he performed a leg drop on Cena , diving onto him and putting Cena through the Raw announcer ' table .
Malden 's square include Malden Square -LRB- formerly reversed Square , and the location of Downtown Malden -RRB- , Oak Grove Square -LRB- at Oak Grove T Station -RRB- , Bellrock Square -LRB- at the product of Cross , Main and Medford Sts . -RRB-
On BBC Radio 5 , Mark Kermode criticized the similarity of the film to director Chris Columbus 's Harry Potter films , comparing it to a Harry Potter put-on book and knight it ` Benjamin Sniddlegrass and the Cauldron of penguin ' .
The Manchukuo yuan -LRB- æ '' æ å 1\/2 å -RRB- was the official unit of currency of the Empire of Manchukuo , from June 1932 - August 1945 .
CsupÃ chose to have Weta Digital give the 3D animation because he `` was impressed with their artistic integrity , the teamwork , the -LRB- fact that -RRB- people were really nice , and also they responded to our designs very positively . ''
After the death of Shaykh Ahmad , leadership was passed on to Sayyid KÃ zim of Rasht -LRB- 1793 â `` 1843 -RRB- .
It is the third oldest Australian Rules football club -LRB- after the Melbourne Football Club and the Castlemaine Football Club -RRB- .
Within the North side , only a surface `` active layer '' of the tundra warming each season ; most of the soil is permanently frozen year-round .
By the time of the American Civil War , European immigrants short-circuit the East Coast of the United States to settle directly in the interior : German immigrants to Ohio , Wisconsin , Minnesota , Illinois , and eastern Missouri ; Irish immigrants to port cities on the Great Lakes , especially Chicago ; Dane , Swedes , and Norwegian to Iowa , Wisconsin , Minnesota , and the Dakota ; and Finn to Upper Michigan and northern\/central Minnesota .
On 18 September 96 , Domitian was assassinated in a palace conspiracy involving members of the Praetorian Guard and several of his freedman .
The use of gold as a color term in traditional usage is more often applied to the color `` metal gold '' -LRB- shown below -RRB- .
Foreign direct investment -LRB- FDI -RRB- or foreign investment refers to the net influx of investment to acquire a lasting management interest -LRB- 10 percent or more of voting stock -RRB- in an enterprise operating in an economy other than that of the investor .
This very pure phosphorous acid is obtained by burning primary P to produce P pentoxide and resolve the product in cut phosphorous acid .
Shasta Dam -LRB- called Kennett Dam before its construction -RRB- is an arch dam across the Sacramento River in the northern part of the U.S. state of California , at the north end of the Sacramento Valley .
The Alfa Romeo 156 -LRB- known internally as the type 932 -RRB- is a compact executive car introduced by Italian automaker Alfa Romeo at the 1997 Frankfurt Motor Show as the replacement for the Alfa Romeo 155 .
He started his studies at the seminary in Senj , but moved to plague in 1845 in order to attend a Roman Catholic theological seminary from which he graduated in 1848 .
Using the original Mega Man and Mega Man 2 as the main inspiration for the gameplay in Mega Man 9 , several significant features from previous games were left out .
The name `` hornet '' is used for this and related species primarily because of their habit of making aerial nest -LRB- similar to the true hornets -RRB- rather than subterranean nest .
He finally took the KurhausstÃ 1\/4 berl from his mentor in 1980 .
Simone 's ash were spread in several African countries .
Motohiro Yamaguchi -LRB- born 29 January 1969 in Takasaki , Gunma , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese former football midfielder .
He covered the topic of his weight loss by writing the book My Long Race Towards Myself on his experience , which became an immediate bestseller .
Currently , he plays for German Bundesliga side aspirin 04 Leverkusen and is the captain of the Finland national football team .
In 1997 , approximately 8,000 criminal organization operated in the country .
Animation , and Cartoon Network Studios continued the projects for Cartoon Network output .
The earthquake not only caused casualties and building damages , but also damaged several submarine line , interrupt telecom services in various parts of Asia .
Pewter is 85 â `` 99 % tin ; Babbitt metal has a high percentage of tin as well .
Out of the ruins , nature starts over .
Patrick Henry -LRB- May 29 , 1736 -- June 6 , 1799 -RRB- was an orator and politician who led the movement for independence in Virginia in the 1770s . A found Father , he served as the first and sixth post-colonial Governor of Virginia from 1776 to 1779 and subsequently , from 1784 to 1786 .
They primarily lie of rude images of large animals , most of which are known from fossil evidence to have lived in the area at the time .
DJ-Kicks : Daddy G is a DJ mix album , mixed by Daddy G of the band Massive Attack .
The best cuvettes are as clear as possible , without impurities that might affect a spectroscopic reading .
Since the following two hundred years saw the rise of the Classical Greek civilization , which has been enduringly influential in western society , the Battle of Marathon is often seen as a polar moment in European history .
Malta became independent on September 21 , 1964 -LRB- Independence Day -RRB- .
It purpose to be the life of Jeremias Gotthelf , tell by himself , and this name was later adopted by the author as his pen name .
Yulia -LRB- full name Yulia MacLean -RRB- is a Russian-born New Zealand classical crossing singer .
VfL OsnabrÃ 1\/4 ck is a German multi-sport club in OsnabrÃ 1\/4 ck , Lower Saxony .
FlorianÃ polis is the capital city of Santa Catarina State in southern Brazil .
She started her career in 1974 by winning the ATV talent show New Faces .
Saint-Christophe-des-Bardes is a communicate in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
piece Dei , formally known as The prelacy of the Holy Cross and piece Dei , is an organization of the Catholic Church that learn that everyone is called to holiness and that ordinary life is a path to holiness .
Anthony Le Tallec -LRB- born 3 October 1984 in Hennebont -RRB- is a French football player who currently plays for French club Auxerre in Ligue 1 .
The pilot debut on May 19 , 2009 .
As the lakes in the Eastern break have no outlet to the sea and tend to be shallow , they have a high mineral content as the vapor of water leaves the salt behind .
These can be matters such as government structure , the treatment of minority , events of considerable public concern or economic questions .
The Texas Revolution or Texas War of Independence was a military conflict between Mexico and settlers in the Texas portion of the Mexican state Coahuila y Tejas .
, gives insight into the medieval novel Tirant lo pale by Joanot Martorell from Valencia .
It 's used for response of guests of the town , and as a bureau for the mayor .
Younha was selected as one of 14 female artists to perform in the coach album 14 Princess ~ Princess Princess Children ~ , a collection of the most famous songs by the top girls band Princess Princess of late 80 's and early 90 's .
Manhattan Melodrama is a 1934 crime melodrama film , produced by MGM . It was directed by W. S. Van dam and stars Clark Gable , William Powell , and Myrna Loy .
Although she refuse she is experiencing postpartum depression , Jenny show all the symptoms , including a growing impatience with Marley and John , who asks Sebastian to care for the dog when Jenny insist they give him away . She quickly comes to realize he has become an essential part of the family and agrees he can stay .
Spider Kiss -LRB- originally entitled Rockabilly -RRB- is a 1961 novel by author Harlan Ellison .
He plays for Ryukyu .
Ivan Capelli led MaurÃ cio Gugelmin , Prost , Nannini , Mansell and Senna .
The Germans themselves were aware of the stories , as SS-chief Heinrich Himmler had received a letter describing the Polish peopleÂ s belief that Jewish people were being `` boil into soap '' and which indicated that the terminal fear they would suffer a similar fate .
Other buoy indicated that a rather large area of low pressure was associated with the system .
Ciry-Salsogne is a communicate in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France .
Despite being retired , EusÃ bio is a constant presence among the Portuguese national team .
It is established that Iolaus is getting married and that Hercules is the best man .
The Importance of being dear , A little Comedy for Serious People is a play by Oscar Wilde .
Jun Muramatsu is a Japanese football player currently playing for Giravanz Kitakyushu .
They are ranked at number 100 on VH1 's `` 100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock '' .
Late that afternoon the low transition into a Subtropical Storm , while stall about 800 mi -LRB- 1,300 km -RRB- west-southwest of the Azores .
The Indian rhino -LRB- rhino unicornis -RRB- is also called Greater One-horned rhino and Asian One-horned rhino and belongs to the Rhinocerotidae family .
Electronic Gaming Monthly -LRB- often cut to EGM -RRB- is an American video game magazine being re-launched by EGM Media , LLC .
Davenport finished 1998 , 2001 , 2004 , and 2005 as the top ranked player .
In contrast to gray matter that is formed from neurons and their unmyelinated character , the white matter below them is formed predominantly by myelinated axon interconnect neurons in different regions of the intellectual cortex with each other and neurons in other parts of the central nervous system .
Magma is blown apart when it interact violently with volcanic gas and steam .
It is also called `` duck tape '' , `` rigger ' tape '' , `` hurricane tape '' , or `` 100-mph tape '' â '' a name that comes from the use of a specific variety of channel tape that was supposed to hold up to 100 mph -LRB- 160.93 km\/h -RRB- winds .
Several of the tracks were written in Lavigne 's youth .
Djalma Feitosa Diaz -LRB- born 9 December , 1970 -RRB- , known as Djalminha , is a retired Brazilian footballer , who played as an attacking midfielder .
Until the year 2000 , when divisions were abolished , Kurram District used to be part of the Peshawar Division of the North-West Frontier Province , now Khyber Pakhtunkhwa of Pakistan .
He remained in Aer Lingus until 1959 , when after project a study of the economics of Irish Industry in 3 College , Dublin , he became a reader in economics at UCD .
club Games was the runner-up for IGN 's Best offline multi-player game for the Nintendo D , and a candidate for GameSpot 's Nintendo D Game of the Year 2006 .
Dick Hebdige , in his text â Hiding in the Lightâ , writes :
Boris Soloviev , the husband of Rasputin 's daughter Maria , short-change prominent Russian families by asking for money for a Romanov fake to escape to China .
He has also appeared in many other Hollywood films such as The Talented Mr. Ripley .
In the second week of March 2009 , Karthikeyan tested for the Kolles Le world Team .
On January 27 , the team admitted that they may not be able to participate in the 2010 winter testing season at all and that their second driver may not be announced until the eve of their first race .
htaccess files .
Raggmunk and rÃ rakor are traditionally eaten with pork rind and lingonberry jam .
After the release of a promotional single , Glory to the Brave was released throughout Europe .
Supporters of the series have maintain that the magic in Harry Potter bears little resemblance to occultism , being more in the vein of fairy tales such as Cinderella and Snow White , or to the works of C. S. Lewis and J. R. R. Tolkien , both authors known for writing fantasy novels with heavily Christian subtexts .
Balleroy is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
The rest of his rookie pro year was spent in the AHL and IHL .
The females lay their eggs in groups of 2 or 3 along pine or spruce needle .
In late summer 1931 , he graduated with a degree in Electrical Engineering , after completing a practical assignment on temporary transmission lines at the Dnieper Hydroelectric Station .
Originally designated 916 Î # I , it was renamed ' 916 America ' on 24 February 1923 after the Council of Astronomers at Pulkovo Observatory decided to remember `` the friendly relations of the astronomical observatory and astronomers '' .
He was a candidate for the 2009 presidential election .
The Report of 1800 was a resolution draft by James Madison arguing for the reign of the individual states under the United States Constitution and against the Alien and Sedition Acts .
Benedict Francis Woit -LRB- born January 7 , 1928 in Fort William , Ontario -RRB- was a National Hockey League defenceman of the 1950s .
Geographically Mansehra lies directly to the north , but the mountainous terrain results in these wind roads , hence Baldheri is en route to Mansehra from Abbottabad city .
Prior to it moving ashore , the government of Haiti issued a tropical storm warning for its northern coastline , and later a tropical storm warning was issued for the Turks and Caicos Islands , as well as the southeast Bahamas .
Dasori is a town and union council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan .
Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard , David C. Jewitt , Jan Kleyna , and Brian G. Marsden on June 26 , 2006 from observations taken between January and April 2006 .
The simple form of ecosystem rating for economist is to hold that an ecosystem has a value equivalent to its ecological yield valued as it would be on good markets : for the value of water , wood , fish or game , that is purge or nurseried or generated or hold in that ecosystem .
The oldest known written fairy tales stem from ancient Egypt , c. 1300 BC -LRB- ex .
SÃ rgio Manoel JÃ nior , commonly known simply as SÃ rgio Manoel -LRB- born March 2 , 1972 -RRB- , is a Brazilian professional football attacking midfielder , who played for several Campeonato Brasileiro SÃ rie A clubs , and the Brazilian national team .
In return for political support in his opposition to the interests of Portsmouth , Crassus paid some of Caesar 's debt and acted as surety for others .
This lie of retrofit tip weight to 170 of the ear .
Because of their quasi-judicial powers the commissioner are often retired senior judges .
At the end of the year , Timberlake recorded a song entitled `` I 'm Lovin ' It '' .
Nowy DwÃ r KrÃ lewski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Papowo Biskupie , within CheÅ mno County , Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north-central Poland .
Fort Atkinson is a city in Winneshiek County , Iowa , United States .
Aitor ` Txiki ' Begiristain MÃ jica -LRB- born 12 August 1964 in Olaberria , Gipuzkoa , Basque Country -RRB- is a retired Spanish footballer , who played professionally during the 1980s and 1990s .
The prisoners in Lager Sylt and Lager Norderney were slave jack forced to build the many military fortifications and facility throughout Alderney .
When SilverFin was published in March 2005 , reviews of the novel were good .
During the summer months , the block ends at 9 a.m. ET\/PT on weekday .
Her father Thomas Apthorpe Cooper was a successful stage actor and producer .
The Cotswolds lie mainly within the ceremony counties of Gloucestershire and Oxfordshire , but extend into parts of Wiltshire , flip , Worcestershire and Warwickshire .
Crocodile Hunter often made use of the bush skills of native people .
Theresa Anne Villiers -LRB- born 5 March 1968 -RRB- is a British Conservative Party politician .
With both orchestra , Abbado made a number of show for Deutsche Grammophon .
Kei Mikuriya -LRB- born 29 August 1977 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Evaluate expression , add leading zero to non-negative result -LRB- 10 .
One of these monk was St. brace , the founder of the monastery of St. Gallen .
Reinfeldt was appointed to various posts -LRB- fÃ rtroendevald -RRB- in the Stockholm City Council from 1991 to 1994 and councillor in the Stockholm County Council from 1994 .
The underlying force driving these reactions is the Gibbs free energy of the reactants and products .
Bridgewater is an incorporated town in Rockingham County , Virginia , United States .
This view is no longer generally accepted by scholars , due to analysis that shows that most early Christian anthem did not have psalm for texts , and that the psalm were not talk in temple for centuries after the Destruction of the Second Temple in AD 70 .
by J. Simler , 1574 -RRB- , supposedly a catalogue -LRB- in Latin , Greek and Hebrew -RRB- of all writers who had ever lived , with the titles of their works , etc. .
Climate also affects which being are present , affecting the soil chemically and physically -LRB- movement of roots -RRB- .
He was awarded St. Mary 's Hall 's first Master Teacher Award in 2002 .
He is present in the original trilogy by Alec Guinness and in the prequel trilogy by Ewan McGregor .
Along with Itzhak Perlman -LRB- violin -RRB- , Yo-Yo Ma -LRB- cello -RRB- , and Gabriela Montero -LRB- piano -RRB- , he recorded and performed `` Air and Simple Gifts , '' composed by John Williams , for the startup of United States President Barack Obama on January 20 , 2009 .
The meeting report states there were 322 persons in attendance at Sessions with about seven-eighths of participants being from governmental organizations .
The independent Community of the sneak Islands consists of two provinces , Las Palmas and Santa Cruz de Tenerife , whose Washington -LRB- Las Palmas de grandmother Canaria and Santa Cruz de Tenerife -RRB- are Washington of the independent community .
He was a frequent guest on Late Night with David Letterman and the Late Show with David Letterman .
It has been proposed that this tail was used as a stabilizer and\/or balance while running or in the air ; in Microraptor , an stretch diamond-shaped fan of square is preserved on the end of the tail .
As a result , the Australian Constitution has often been knock for its short protection of rights and freedom .
In Africa , no watch be these traits more than Burnham .
However , most computer text-editing programs provide a smart quotes feature -LRB- see below -RRB- to automatically convert straight credit marks into typographical punctuation .
Arbis is a communicate in the Gironde department in south-western France .
Their proximity to the sea favorite trade with Africa .
Control charts are used to identify variation that may be due to special causes , and to free the user from concern over variation due to common causes .
top in the catchment change between 400 â `` 4000 m and total length of the river is about 141 km .
Dr. SchÃ n , a newspaper editor , is also present .
Rossemaison is a municipality in the district of DelÃ mont of the quarter of Jura in Switzerland .
Initially the race was held in May\/June .
The recent rapid increase in human population over the past two centuries has raised concerns that humans are beginning to overpopulate the Earth , and that the planet may not be able to have present or larger numbers of inhabitants .
Pooh take that this may happen , but asks her to think about what will happen to Michael if she does n't tell .
The most convince evidence for its existence comes from a recent survey , performed by the Spitzer Space scope , of stars in the Galactic center .
Nintendo later released the Nintendo Channel , which allows Wii owners to download game show or additional data to their Nintendo D in a process similar to that of a D Download Station .
Recently , over 650 new subtemplates were added , but we should prepare to reduce those in the next few months .
The older brother of Barthel Beham by two years , he was born into a family of artists in Nuremberg .
Fajardo is a small city in Puerto Rico located in the east region of the island , march the Atlantic Ocean , north of Ceiba and east of Luquillo .
Mark Knopfler is best known as the lead guitarist , singer and songwriter for the British rock band terrible head , which he co-founded in 1977 with his brother David .
Esterath controls the Glory , the focal point of the Omniversal spectrum which underlies all existence .
LibÃ ration -LRB- dear known as LibÃ -RRB- is a French daily newspaper founded in Paris by Jean-Paul Sartre and Serge July in 1973 in the wake of the protest movements of May 1968 .
However , due to relativistic space travel Ender himself -LRB- who now goes by his real name Andrew Wiggin or by his title `` Speaker for the Dead '' -RRB- is only about 35 years old .
They follow the same logical structure as Elements , with definition and proved proposal .
The greater Cranbourne area consists of Cranbourne , Cranbourne North , Cranbourne East , Cranbourne South , Cranbourne West .
The main idea in this theory is that the molecular composition of the lipid bodies is the preliminary way for information storage , and evolution led to the appearance of polymer entity such as RNA or DNA that may store information favorably .
The City of Halifax -LRB- est . 1841 -RRB- was the capital of the province of Nova Scotia and shire town of Halifax County , and was the largest city in Atlantic Canada until it was mix into Halifax Regional Municipality in 1996 .
The first album he recorded was Prayers of Steel with Avenger -LRB- the band would later change their name to Rage -RRB- .
Often described as the `` back of England '' , they form a more-or-less continuous range load from the Peak District in Derbyshire , around the northern and eastern edges of Greater Manchester , through the Yorkshire dale past the Cumbrian drop to the Cheviot Hills on the Anglo-Scottish border .
Grace 's story of the sabbat , too , was unfamiliar to the English at that time , although belief in such secret meet of witch was widespread in Europe .
Kim was assigned to the 2009 TrophÃ e Eric Bompard and the 2009 Skate America in the 2009 â `` 2010 ISU Grand Prix season .
In mathematics , a multiset -LRB- or bag -RRB- is a induction of a set .
Karyala is a village and union council , an administrative section , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan . It is part of Chakwal Tehsil .
After the War the house remained empty .
Its location of tropical cyclone formation was further north and west of where most East Pacific tropical cyclone develop .
The posthumous name is commonly used when make royalty of China , Korea , Vietnam , and Japan .
Throughout his education he focused on learning to become an educator .
He produces and take the WGBH program Morning Stories and hosts its podcast version .
As of 2003 , the book had sold over two million copies .
She looked at me and our eyes met and I felt that she was definitely the woman I wanted to marry . ''
The meltwater from the glacier forms Rupal River .
It often is used within a guide to the right of an be sign .
For every 100 females there were 90.70 males .
This tree has individual peripheral guest .
Claudius later divorced Urgulanilla for adultery and on suspicion of off her sister-in-law Apronia .
There exist some question to the validity of this treaty : the 13th Dalai Lama denied that he had authorized Dorjiev to negotiate a treaty with Mongolia .
First , the scoreboard was repair and after completion , is now twice as big as the old scoreboard .
He is a visiting fellow at Oxford University - based at the Oxford Internet Institute - where he works in the fields of information , computers , and human-machine port .
Wolfgang Dremmler -LRB- born 12 July 1954 in Salzgitter -RRB- is a former German football player .
The Acanthocephala were thought to be a distinct phylum .
In his later years , Willie Dixon became a hardworking ambassador for the blues and a vocal advocate for its practitioners , found the Blues Heaven Foundation .
Garlic is a common example , a branch of wild rose and hawthorn plant are said to harm vampire , and in Europe , dust mustard seeds on the roof of a house was said to keep them away .
He considers putting Lilo into foster care , but Nani is very much against this idea , as Lilo and she are the only remaining members of her family ; Lilo does not help as she does not understand what may happen .
Signed by Simon Cowell , they enjoyed great success worldwide , particularly in the UK , most of Europe and Asia , Russia , Brazil , Australia , New Zealand and the USA .
The Cauchyâ `` Lorentz distribution , named after Augustin Cauchy and Hendrik Lorentz , is a continuous probability distribution .
In 2007 , less than 5 % of veal calf were raised in a group environment .
Atomu Tanaka -LRB- born October 4 , 1987 in Niigata , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Lymph guest are found all through the body , and act as filter or hole for foreign particles .
Eventually , Samus reaches the Queen Metroid and kills it . Continuing through the planet 's cavern , Samus finds a Metroid egg , which cover in front of her .
The region became part of Pakistan in 1947 .
The teeth tend to be more heavily worn than those of its relative Saurornitholestes , suggesting that its visit were used for beat and charge rather than simply slice through flesh .
If you do n't want to link to Wiktionary entries , set pref equal to some other value , such as your favorite koine prefix or `` c '' for Commons .
The Aswan Dam is an embankment dam situated across the Nile River in Aswan , Egypt . Since the 1950s , the name commonly refers to the High Dam , which is larger and new than the Aswan Low Dam , which was first completed in 1902 .
The rebels have also been force local people to stop listening to music as well found bomb attacks in the area .
Pavia held out against the domination of Milan , finally give to the Visconti family , rule of that city in 1359 ; under the Visconti Pavia became an intellectual and artistic center , being the seat from 1361 of the University of Pavia founded around the core of the old school of law , which attracted students from many countries .
He was Curator of the Museum of relative fauna at Harvard University from 1959 to 1970 , and a Professor of Geosciences at the University of Arizona until his retirement in 1982 .
Anderlues is a Walloon municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut .
aqua blue is a color close to blue-green on the color wheel , but slightly more green .
Also , there is no need to add words in plural form unless second , as the search interface will match -LRB- for example -RRB- billiards as well given a search term of billiard .
Andreas MÃ ller -LRB- born September 2 , 1967 in Frankfurt , Germany -RRB- is a retired German footballer who played as an attacking midfielder .
Ervin Wardman , publisher of the calm New York announce strike the term .
Shortly before dying , Robert 's grandfather purchased a farm for Robert and Elinor in Derry , New Hampshire ; and Robert worked the farm for nine years , while writing early in the morning and producing many of the poems that would later become famous .
In Switzerland , the constitutional ban on absinthe was lift in 2000 during an service of the national constitution , although the ban was written into ordinary law instead .
calendar that are not solar calendar include the Islamic calendar , which is a purely lunar calendar and calendar sync to the synodic period of Venus or to the heliacal grow of stars .
By that time the Bartlett variety had become vastly popular in the United States , and they are still generally known as Bartlett pear in the U.S. and Canada , although there are about 150 other synonyms worldwide .
If desired , you can set the language code with lang .
Carlos Clos GÃ mez -LRB- born 30 June 1972 in Zaragoza , Spain -RRB- is a football reader .
Aix-en-Othe is a communicate in the Aube department in north-central France .
On their way to Mordor , Frodo and Sam capture Gollum , who has been following them from Moria , and force him to guide them to Mordor .
According to a poll conducted in 1947 , Robinson was the second most popular man in the country , behind Bing Crosby .
During the second era -LRB- 7th â `` 9th version , 1827 â `` 1901 -RRB- , the Britannica was managed by the Edinburgh publishing firm , A & C Black .
Cauville is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
left Salmon is a jam band from Boulder , Colorado , formed in 1989 .
A belote is a `` royal '' pair of a King and a Queen of a trump suit . A belote is worth 20 points , and must be declared when the first of them is played -LRB- not necessarily during the first round -RRB- .
Currently , the MP of Oxford is Dave MacKenzie -LRB- Conservative -RRB- , and the MPP is Ernie Hardeman -LRB- Progressive Conservative -RRB- .
Bad TÃ lz is known for its spa , historic medieval town , and spectacular views of the alps .
Grand Duke Vladimir Alexandrovich of Russia nickname her `` The cordial Baby '' because of her good nature .
Like all echinoderms , sea cucumber have an endoskeleton just below the skin , calcified structures that are usually reduced to isolated microscopic ossicles -LRB- or sclerietes -RRB- joined by connection tissue .
John Mansfield Brumby , MLA -LRB- born 21 April 1953 -RRB- , is an Australian Labor Party politician who was Premier of Victoria from 2007 to 2010 .
The Governor of Henan is the highest ranking official in the People 's Government of Henan . However , in the province 's dual party-government governing system , the Governor has less power than the Henan Communist Party of China Provincial Committee Secretary , informally term the `` Henan CPC Party Chief '' .
tart Snicket came from a family of three children .
It can also be access from any other BBC channel by pressing red and going to page number 570 .
`` Yellow mustard '' redirect here . For information on the condiment yellow mustard , also known as `` American mustard '' -LRB- such as French 's yellow mustard -RRB- , see Mustard _ -LRB- condiment -RRB- # Yellow_mustard .
is a shorthand note to make the required first argument text stress with both big and emphasize .
Bart and Lisa investigate , convinced that Krusty has been put .
On Wikipedia , the Stargate category may refer to WikiProject Stargate , which uses : Category : WikiProject Stargate .
OpenOffice.org start as StarOffice , an office suite developed by StarDivision and acquired by Sun Microsystems in August 1999 .
The ZIP area also includes nearly all of the City of Salford and most of the borough of Trafford .
Eurytides is a genus of romance in the Papilionidae family , found in North , Central , and South America .
It is march by the municipality of Sorengo , Muzzano and Collina d'Oro .
This category contains articles related to dwarf .
is a side-scrolling platform video game published and developed by Nintendo for the Nintendo D hand-held game console .
The only major sections of the cathedral built later were the cloister , Chapter house , tower and spire , which at 404 feet -LRB- 123 metres -RRB- dominated the horizon from 1320 .
Their trial at Lancaster Assizes in England on 19 August 1612 was one in a series of witch trials held there over two days , among the most famous in English history .
At the left there is the Thommer bachelor in the Nossernvalley with the Fell Exhibition ticket Mine -LRB- Besucherbergwerk Fell -RRB- .
The community aspect of BookCrossing.com has grown and expanded in ways that were not expected at the first , in the form of blog or forum discussions , post lists and annual normal throughout the world .
This line of the Berlin S-Bahn connected Bernau with the Stettiner Bahnhof -LRB- today Berlin Nordbahnhof -RRB- in Berlin .
would host each division , give its name to the division and essentially compete against each other .
Tuscumbia is a city in and the county seat of Colbert County , Alabama , United States .
From structural data , Iguanid lizard have been thought to have vary from other squamates very early , but recent molecular evolution , both from mitochondrial and nuclear DNA , do not support this early difference .
Padma Bhushan , Supradipta-Manyabara-Nepal-Tara Tenzing Norgay , GM -LRB- late May 1914 â `` 9 May 1986 -RRB- born Namgyal Wangdi and often referred to as Sherpa Tenzing , was a Nepali-Indian Sherpa mountaineer .
Fifty of these engine were built to catch express passenger trains on the , then non-electrified , section of the West Coast Main Line between Crewe , Carlisle and Scotland .
Low hurry , by the standards of more moderate regions with longer and strong winter , is typically sufficient in view of the very low evapotranspiration to allow a water-logged terrain in many areas of subarctic climate and to permit snow cover during winter .
Approximately 60 % of the world 's existing railway lines are built to this gauge -LRB- see the list of countries that use the standard gauge -RRB- .
Bernini 's first work at St. Peter 's was to design the baldacchino , a pavilion-like structure 30 m tall and claimed to be the largest piece of bronze in the world , which stands beneath the bean and above the altar .
RIBA is based at 66 Portland Place , Londonâ '' a 1930s Grade II \* listed building designed by architect George Grey Wornum with grave by Edward Bainbridge Copnall and James Woodford .
He also wrote a novel named Hazar Dastaan .
He was buried in the Lhanguene cemetery in Maputo .
He made his purpose known to the Bishop of London at the time Cuthbert Tunstall .
refers to a slow of pass duration .
In 1981 , a new Delmonico 's was opened at the location by Ed Huber , which operated until 1992 .
It cover the study of the conditions under which fluid are at rest in stable balance .
By far the largest group of living gymnosperms are the conifers -LRB- trap , cypress , and relatives -RRB- , followed by cycads , Gnetales -LRB- Gnetophyta , Ephedra and Welwitschia -RRB- , and Ginkgo -LRB- a single living species -RRB- .
Tin -LRB- IV -RRB- commonplace is the chemical compound SnBr4 .
This beard grave wears a stopping around the head , an armband , and a mask dress with medic patterns that were originally filled with red paint .
120 sheet were wreck onshore .
Since June 2001 he has served as Governing Mayor -LRB- ' -RRB- of Berlin .
It was the cradle of St. Francis , who founded the Franciscan religious order in the town in 1208 , and St. Clare -LRB- Chiara d'Offreducci -RRB- , the founder of the Poor Sisters , which later became the Order of Poor Clares after her death .
It was created from part of the former province of Franche-Comt Ã .
Park County was created on February 15 , 1909 , and given the descriptive name as a location for Yellowstone National Park .
Saratoga Trunk is a 1945 film written by Edna Ferber and Casey Robinson , based on Ferber 's best-selling novel of the same name .
The tools used include Ishikawa plot , designed experiments and Pareto charts .
Winnebago County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
The design is also reminiscent of the setting sun half-submerged below the horizon and reflected on the sea .
He is not a savage but dresses and do like a European aristocrat .
The program features a number of celebrities and musical performers .
The Civil law of Brazil had origin in the General Intendancy of Police , created in Rio de Janeiro in 1808 .
The others are Bart Starr , Joe Namath , Terry Bradshaw , Joe Montana , Emmitt Smith , and Steve Young .
George Bush Intercontinental Airport , is a Class B international airport in Houston -LRB- Texas , USA -RRB- , serving the Houstonâ `` Sugar Landâ `` Baytown metropolitan area .
The area between Amsterdam , Haarlem and Leiden was , in prehistoric times swamp and small lakes .
Hideaki Ozawa -LRB- born March 17 , 1974 in Namegata , Ibaraki , Japan -RRB- is a Japanese professional football goalkeeper .
In the Udden-Wentworth scale -LRB- due to Krumbein -RRB- , silt particles range between and mm -LRB- 3.9 to 62.5 Î 1\/4 m -RRB- , larger than clay but smaller than a sand .
By this time Barbirolli was director of the New York symphony , where he had succeeded Arturo Toscanini in 1936 .
Tram services get on 24 February 1906 , running from The Angel , Islington through Holborn , the other station in the tram subway , can at Aldwych .
With the attack of Gordon expected , all nine Azores Islands were placed on red alert by the Portuguese government , and residents were asked to take emergency care .
The name `` Alma-Ata '' come from the Kazakhstan word for ` apple ' -LRB- Ð Ð '' Ð 1\/4 Ð -RRB- , and thus is often translated as `` full of apple ; '' alma is also ` apple ' in other Turkic languages , as well as in Hungarian .
Code for Age of Sail classes .
Helmut Kremers -LRB- born 24 March 1949 -RRB- is a former German football player .
-LRB- \* -RRB- Saskatchewan come include championships won by teams from Lloydminster .
The word come from the for `` I believe '' -LRB- because the Latin translation of the Apostles ' gospel and the Nicene gospel both begin with this word -RRB- .
A big band typically consists of approximately 12 to 25 musicians and contains saxophone , trump , trombone , xylophone , singer -LRB- or singer -RRB- , and a rhythm section .
The buildup to the match began after Backlash , Raw 's previous pay-per-view event , where The McMahons -LRB- Vince and Shane -RRB- defeated Michael and `` God '' in a tag team match , with help from the Spirit Squad in a no disqualification match , a match where neither wrestler can be unfit , allowing for weapons and outside noise .
Railway building began at Derby Works in 1840 , when the North interior Railway , the interior Counties Railway and the Birmingham and Derby Railway set up engine drop as part of their Tri Junct Station .
Mazar-e-Quaid or the National Mausoleum refers to the grave of the founder of Pakistan , Muhammad Ali Jinnah .
This name ran from 26 January to 27 April 1904 -LRB- issues 72 to 150 -RRB- , then return to The Daily Mirror .
MS-DOS -LRB- ; short for MicroSoft Disk Operating System -RRB- is an operating system for x86-based personal computers .
As some alien ecosystem are likely to be a lot rough than a typical planetary ecosystem , these alien air provide an insight into some of the forms that alien life might take .
The game is a rail shooter and focuses on the NERF line of toy shoot blaster . It has an optional unique blaster for gameplay called the Nerf Switch Shot EX-3 , that can either be used as a real Nerf blaster , or to play the video game .
The Underground uses TfL 's Travelcard zones to look do .
The Riverina is dead by the large Murray-Darling Basin .
On the frontal , the portrait of Otto von Bismarck , Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Johannes Gutenberg are displayed .
Benoit also executed a Diving headbutt from the top of a ladder onto Kane .
The name Alice was retired after this season and replaced by Andy .
Yeovil Town F.C. are an English association football team based in Yeovil , flip .
profile experts believe that Chandler may have killed previously , based on the guess that a first-time killer would not be experienced or bold enough to snatch and kill three women at once .
The highest sustained winds reported in Guadeloupe was 51 m in Marie-Galante .
The sound is intended to communicate an emotional subtext .
From 1947 until his retirement in 1970 , he was a professor at the University of California at Berkeley , where he had numerous doctoral students .
Military historian Theodore Ayrault scheme once famously called Hannibal the `` father of strategy '' , because his greatest enemy , Rome , came to adopt elements of his military tactics in its own strategic arsenal .
However , Jim Kaz of IGN said that the track almost detract from the intensity of the album , stating , `` it 's at this point the band loses a little momentum . ''
Roosevelt certified William Howard Taft to be a genuine `` progressive '' in 1908 , when Roosevelt pushed through the nomination of his Secretary of War for the Presidency .
In 1839 Vacheron & Constantin hired Georges-Auguste Leschot .
It was the closing of the first attempt by Iran , under King Darius I , to subject Greece .
In windmill -LRB- a much older technology -RRB- wind energy is used to turn mechanical machinery to do physical work , like beat grain or pump water .
Cell division is more complex in eukaryotes than in other being .
Babcock has a post office with nothing code 54413 . .
A study conducted by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration covered over 100 drugs , prescription and over-the-counter .
Forms of card include the crack and repartee .
As a disk see software , True Image can restore the previously captured image to another disk , double the structure and contents to the new disk , also allowing disk clone and division resize , as well if the new disk is of different capacity .
Musically , the song consists of an expanded bridge , verse-rap and an epilogue , where the voice of an operator announce that the phone line is not approachable .
The cute Little Vixen -LRB- Czech : PÅ Ã hody LiÅ Kentucky BystrouÅ Kentucky , lit .
La DorÃ e is a communicate in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
USB can connect computer peripheral such as mice , keyboard , digital cameras , printer , personal media players , flash drives , Network adapter , and external hard drives . For many of those devices , USB has become the standard connection method .
Paul Charles Morphy -LRB- June 22 , 1837 -- July 10 , 1884 -RRB- , was an American cheat player .
The man-about-town Mansion -LRB- also known as the man-about-town Mansion West -RRB- , is in the Holmby Hills area of Los Angeles , California and is the home of man-about-town magazine founder Hugh Hefner .
However , please do not add promotional material to articles or other Wikipedia pages .
Magic Kingdom is one of four theme parks at the Walt Disney World Resort located near Orlando , Florida .
They were used during the pre-TOPS period .
Days after , this event would shape the second line-up of Keane and keep Coldplay 's unchanged , thus leaving both bands as 4 .
1996 -LRB- MCMXCVI -RRB- was a spring year that started on a Monday .
The NatureCoast covers 8 different counties and 1 partial county -LRB- Dunnellon is a part of Marion County -RRB- .
The Casentino is mentioned in the song `` Ich hab in Penna einen Liebsten wohnen '' , from the Italieniches Liederbuch by Hugo Wolf .
Most fields can be wikilinked -LRB- i.e. network = network name -RRB- , but should generally only be linked to an existing Wikipedia article .
Morganfield is located at .
William Whewell -LRB- 24 May 1794 -- 6 March 1866 -RRB- was an English polymath , scientist , Anglican priest , philosopher , theologian , and historian of science .
A instrument get diagonally , one square forward and to the left or right .
Sargent was brought up in Stamford , Lincolnshire , where he joined the chorus at Peterborough Cathedral , studied the organ and won a scholarship to Stamford School .
The New Statesman is a British left-wing political magazine published weekly in London .
This novel is based on the true story of Juana Maria , the `` Woman of San Nicolas Island '' , a NicoleÃ o Indian left alone for 18 years on San Nicolas Island , one of the Channel Islands off the California coast , before being discovered in 1853 .
On February 1 , 1724 IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren make municipal rights , which stood among other things in connection with the introduction strike duty .
Cynthia leaves her Hunter to be see to Camp Half-Blood by Percy , Grover , and Thalia .
Aberdeen were the last club outside of the Old Firm to win a league title , in 1984\/85 , and also the last Scottish team to win a European Championship .
For the next 204 years , the scientific and thermometry communities worldwide referred to this scale as the centigrade scale .
Introduced in 1983 , they followed American practice of modularisation .
As is the case with Disney 's other English knight of Miyazaki films , the Disney version of Totoro features a star-heavy cast , including Dakota and Elle fan as Satsuki and Mei , Timothy Daly as Mr. Kusakabe , Pat Carroll as grandmother , Lea Salonga as Mrs. Kusakabe , and Frank Welker as Totoro and Catbus .
Adventure Parks Group purchased the balance of the property , also subject to the conservation relief .
As part of the Late Bronze Age-Early Iron Age Dark Ages , it was a period associated with the collapse of central authorities , a general depopulation , particularly of highly urban areas , the loss of literacy in Anatolia and the Aegean , and its restriction elsewhere , the fade of established patterns of long-distance international trade , increasingly fell intra-elite struggles for power , and reduced options for the elite if not for the general mass of population .
He is thought to have written the classic children 's tale The History of Little treat Two-Shoes , the source of the phrase `` treat two-shoes '' .
The following table sum the usage share of browser for the indicated month .
The voltage or the current is said to be an `` parallel '' of the sound .
Candlemas are an influential Swedish sentence metal band established in 1984 by Leif Edling -LRB- bass -RRB- , their leader and songwriter .
There are 24 Vice-Presidents , three Senior Vice Presidents and two Executive Vice Presidents .
The term disciple is derived from the New Testament Greek word ' , coming to English by way of the Latin discipulus meaning `` a scholar '' .
Seeking to disguise the juice mark , Lilly asked her seamstress to design a vain shift dress made of bright , colored printed cotton .
The base of the Set and Nephthys temple at Sepermeru finally were discovered and identified in the 1980s , and the Nephthys temple was a self-sustaining temple complex within the Set enclosure .
In the 1960s , Dino De Laurentiis built his own studio facilities , although these financially give during the 1970s .
Manerbe is a communicate in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwest France .
Guayana Esequiba is a territory lot by Guyana but claimed by Venezuela .
Geir died in March 2006 after a long battle with cancer .
Baitul Mukarram -LRB- ; ; The Holy House -RRB- is the national mosque of Bangladesh .
Asian Dust -LRB- also yellow dust , yellow sand , yellow wind or China dust force -RRB- is a seasonal meteorological phenomenon which affects much of East Asia periodically during the spring months .
Frequent ejaculation through masturbation from an early age further frequent ejaculation well into maturity .
Articles and events specifically relating to the decade that began in 1900 and ended in 1909 .
Despite the key rarely being used in orchestral music other than to tone , it is not entirely rare in keyboard music .
The Nickelodeon shows were removed in 2004 in favor for a return to an exclusively-Nick Jr. block .
Marilyn started break rapidly falling from peak-level winds of 141 m down to 102 mph -LRB- 164 km\/h -RRB- .
Bay Minette is a city in Baldwin County , Alabama , United States .
Typically , the males take flight before the females .
After Calder 's death in 1943 the trophy was re-named the Calder Memorial Trophy .
After the couple season , older specimens have a black , almost black , velvet skin -LRB- land disguise -RRB- .
The Goitered , Black-tailed or Iranian gazelle -LRB- Gazella subgutturosa -RRB- is a gazelle found in the north part of Azerbaijan , in a large area of central Asia , including part of Iran and southern west Pakistan in the western end of the range , as well as the Gobi desert .
A division editor -LRB- also called partitioner or division utility -RRB- is a kind of utility software designed to view , create , alter and delete disk division on a computer storage device , most commonly a hard disk , but often a USB flash drive or other storage medium .
Lymington New Forest Hospital opened in 2007 , replacing the earlier Lymington Hospital .
Changes at the Platt Lane end took place in 1935 , extending the terrace and providing a roof for the full stand .
Plante was the first goalkeeper to regularly play the puck outside his line in support of his team 's defencemen , and he often learn his mate from behind the play .
That is n't true .
The highland Buzzard -LRB- Buteo hemilasius -RRB- is a species of bird of target in the Accipitridae family .
Oberlunkhofen is a municipality in the district of Bremgarten , in the quarter of Aargau in Switzerland .
Faith Fairfield -LRB- Ripa -RRB- was Hope 's sister and a soap opera star whose character was killed off , leading her to move in with Hope 's family .
His story shun individual characters and addressed broad social issues , especially class conflict .
As of 2010 there are 21 Treehouse of Horror episodes , with one air every year .
They had a high opinion of the Xinhai Revolution , viewing the Xinhai Revolution as the starting point of the modern history of China , and as the key element that enabled China to develop into a democratic and modern nation .
Their application can be from 100 h to thousands of HP .
These laws are regularly applied to separate against religious and ethnic groups that are not officially recognized , such as the Mandaeans , Ahl-e Haq , and Baha ` i .
Stephen Hopkins -LRB- March 7 , 1707 -- July 13 , 1785 -RRB- was an American political leader from Rhode Island who signed the Declaration of Independence .
Bezos , a Tau Beta Pi graduate of Princeton University , worked as a financial analyst for D. E. Shaw & Co. before found Amazon in 1994 .
Passing a short distance west of Bermuda , Hurricane Florence produced strong winds on the island ; sustained winds peak at 82 mph -LRB- 132 km\/h -RRB- on St. David 's Island at an top of 410 feet -LRB- 48 m -RRB- , while blow reached 115 mph -LRB- 185 km\/h -RRB- at the marine Operations Centre in St. George 's Parish at an top of 665 feet -LRB- 78 m -RRB- .
For example to represent the string eat ` hot ' dogs in Pa one uses ` eat hot dogs ' .
Kenneth Claiborne Royall -LRB- July 24 , 1894 -- May 25 , 1971 -RRB- was a United States Army general and the last person to hold the office of Secretary of War .
DÃ 1\/4 rer died in Nuremberg at the age of 56 , leaving an estate valued at 6,874 florinsâ '' a considerable sum .
In an interview in The Times on 27 June 2007 , Edwards said : `` If there is no God , does that mean that life has no purpose ?
Other events saw the new black street gang Nation of Domination formed , and Michael D-Generation X `` racial graffiti '' storyline designed to `` entail Bret Hart 's ` The Hart Foundation ' '' , and the `` 30 Files '' series .
Piccinni 's first opera , Le donne dispettose , was produced in 1755 , and in 1760 he composed , at Rome , the chef d' Å `` uvre of his early life , La Cecchina , ossia la buona Figliuola , an opera buffa with a libretto by Goldoni , which `` enjoyed a two-year run in Rome and was played in all the important European Washington .
The dark gray anoxic deposit at the bottom of L'Atalante lake are covered with a 1 c loose black layer .
The zinc core is surface with a thin layer of copper to give the impression of a copper coin .
is a live album released by Bryan Adams through A&M Records in 1988 .
Software versioning is the process of put either unique version names or unique version numbers to unique states of computer software .
21st Century Breakdown is the eighth studio album by the American punk rock band Green Day .
Industrial production of Se often involves the origin of Se dioxide from rest obtained during the refining of copper . Common production begins by oxidation with Na carbonate to produce Se dioxide .
Its leaders included Maulana Muhammad Ali , his brother Shawkat Ali , and Abul Kalam Azad , Mukhtar Ahmed Ansari , and Barrister Muhammad Jan Abbasi .
Celso Vieira -LRB- born 25 September 1974 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
According to Lennon , `` In ` Mean Mr. Mustard ' , I said ` his sister Pam ' â '' originally it was ` his sister Shirley ' in the words .
This was the first general council in the history of the Church since the papal Council of Jerusalem , the papal council having established the conditions upon which non-Jew could join the Church .
It is a large network of websites including such high profile sites as BBC News and Sport , the on-demand video and radio services co-branded BBC iPlayer , the pre-school site Cbeebies , and learning services such as Bitesize .
These include the National Hurricane Center 's Tropical Analysis and Forecast Branch -LRB- TAFB -RRB- , the NOAA\/NESDIS Satellite Analysis Branch -LRB- SAB -RRB- , and the Joint Typhoon Warning Center at the Naval Pacific Meteorology and Oceanography Center in Pearl Harbor , Hawaii .
Most frequently made from cattle ' milk , butter can also be manufactured from the milk of other mammals , including sheep , butt , buffalo , and chatter .
Faizabad has a twin city of Ayodhya , which is considered to be the cradle of Lord Ram .
It is the longest as well as the most important river in Haiti and the longest on the island of Haiti . Forming part of the international border between Haiti and the Dominican Republic , the river 's sources are in the Cordillera Central in the Dominican Republic , however most of its length lies in Haiti .
A new more detailed map of Britain was used based on satellite data .
Ron McGovney -LRB- born November 2 , 1963 in Los Angeles , California -RRB- is a former American musician , best known as the original bassist in the heavy metal band Metallica .
The form was based on the 737-300 and entered service in 1998 .
John Mansfield Brumby , MLA -LRB- born 21 April 1953 -RRB- , is an Australian Labor Party politician who was Premier of Victoria from 2007 to 2010 . He became Premier after the resignation of Steve Bracks .
Following the loss of the battleship in 1941 , with Allied air superiority threatening the remaining battlecruisers in French Atlantic hold , the ships were ordered to make the Channel Dash back to German ports .
In common usage , a claim to 95 % confidence in something is normally taken as indicating virtual certainty .
The list of available flag form for each country is documented on the specific page for the country data guide .
Article Six make the Constitution , and the laws and treaty of the United States made according to it , to be the supreme law of the land , and that `` the judges in every state shall be bound thereby , any thing in the laws or make-up of any state still . ''
He was the first student to do active research on that topic for 25 years , building a wide network with several thousand teachers and promoting it to a large scale .
The film stars Brendan Fraser , Maria Bello , John Hannah , Luke Ford , and Jet Li , and was released on August 1 , 2008 in the United States .
The simple form of ecosystem rating for economist is to hold that an ecosystem has a value equivalent to its ecological yield valued as it would be on good markets : for the value of water , wood , fish or game , that is purge or nurseried or generated or hold in that ecosystem . Thus , a price can be put on the natural capital of an ecosystem based on the price of natural resources it take each year .
Just Ella is a novel written by Margaret Peterson Haddix and published in 1999 by Simon & Schuster .
Bryan Singer , the director of the first two X-Men films , left the project in July 2004 in favor of developing Superman Returns .
Gouda -LRB- or Ë É uË dÉ ; , from `` Cheese from Gouda '' -RRB- is a yellow cheese made from cow 's milk .
In 1994 Ilmor also supplied the new Pacific GP team of Keith Wiggins with the old 1993 specification engines .
Hughes ' life , Sudden Champion : The Sarah Hughes Story , was written by Richard Krawiec in 2002 .
Whilst staying there she witnessed a man killed by a drag and this was incorporated into the novel .
; mcap : The market capitalization -LRB- total value of all listed companies -RRB- as of the year-end of the previous year .
Joseph Banks Rhine -LRB- September 29 , 1895 -- February 20 , 1980 -RRB- -LRB- usually known as J. B. Rhine -RRB- was a botanist who later developed an interest in parapsychology and psychology .
The name for the main character changed several times prior to production , starting with Dawn Baxter in a show named The Future Is On Me .
The Big Bow-wow strain I can do myself like any now going , but the keen touch which give ordinary stock things and characters interesting from the truth of the description and the sentiment is denied to me .
Between 1911 and 1913 , he was employed by his uncle in the office of the Branch coalmines in West Virginia .
The official colors and size were adopted on February 5 , 1991 , since then the flag is referred to in the Constitution and is mentioned two times in the national anthem .
With Florence well away from the system , conditions became more lucky for development , and it was raise to Tropical Storm Gordon on September 11 while moving slowly west .
In support of 11 , Adams started the `` 11 concert , 11 cities '' tour , having concert in 11 different countries in just 11 days .
It has assigned the quintiles from lowest to highest as bottom fifth , lower middle , middle , upper middle , and top fifth .
He used the Oedipus conflict to point out how much he believed that people desire incest and must reduce that desire .
The first song promoted from the album was '' ë ë ë í 486 '' -LRB- Bimilbeonho 486 , `` Secret Number 486 '' -RRB- , for which she won the BS Inkigayo Mutizen award twice .
Before his death , Guru Gobind Singh rule that the GurÅ `` Granth SÄ hib would be the final and never-ending guru of the Sikh . The Sikh believe that the spirit of Guru Nanak was passed from one guru to the next , '' just as the light of one lamp , which lights another and does not fall '' , and is also mentioned in their Guru Granth Sahib .
Walter attached the balloon to his lawn chair , filled them with He , put on a jump , and whip himself into the chair in the backyard of a home at 1633 W. 7th St. in San Pedro He took his shot gun , a CB radio , sandwich , cold beer , and a camera .
In December 2006 , Jonathan was selected as running mate to Umaru Yar ` Adua for the ruling PDP presidential ticket in the April 2007 election .
Its de facto capital is Valletta and the largest town is Birkirkara .
A newly purchased Furby starts out speaking entirely buff , the unique language that all Furbies use , but are program to speak less buff as they gradually start using English .
Paramount then proposed a movie version of Theodore Dreiser 's An American Tragedy .
In the episode , Homer gets an illegal cable hook-up .
The Singapore River is a small river in Singapore with great historical importance .
Jennings also helped start the l Patrick Trophy in 1966 , which he would win in 1971 .
In his book Kitab-ul-Hind , the Iranian student AbÅ `` RayhÄ n BÄ `` rÅ `` nÄ `` -LRB- Al-Beruni -RRB- declared that even before the coming of Islam into Sindh -LRB- 711 A.D. -RRB- , the Sindhi language was dominant in Sindh .
In the 18th century the neighbor Marsh of the Val di Chiana , south of Arezzo , were dead and the region became less malarial .
The first tropical cyclone of the season , Anita developed from a tropical wave on August 29 in the north-central Gulf of Mexico .
From the 10th century to the 16th century , Holland proper was a mix political region , a county ruled by the Count of Holland .
WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2007 is a professional wrestling video game released by THQ and developed by YUKE 's Future Media Lord .
The first ice pop was created by accident in 1905 when 11-year-old Frank Epperson left a mixture of powder soda , water , and a touch stick in a cup on his porch in cold weather .
gillie suits vary with the terrain in which the sniper wishes to go with .
The oldest surviving planetary globe is credit to Martin Behaim in NÃ 1\/4 rnberg , Germany , in 1492 .
It entered into force in 1975 .
Being the largest city in Indiaâ s deep south , it is important for both military logistics and civil aviation in the southern part of the country .
His confederate , Kurwenal , answers more bluntly , saying that Isolde is in no position to command Tristan and reminds BrangÃ ne that Isoldeâ s previous fiancÃ , Morold , was killed by Tristan -LRB- `` Herr Morold zog zu Meere her . '' -RRB-
The coat of arms is a shield with the image of Mount Triglav , Slovenia 's highest peak , in white against a blue background at the center ; beneath it are two wavy blue lines representing the Adriatic Sea and local rivers , and above it are three six-pointed golden stars arranged in an reverse triangle which are taken from the coat of arms of the Counts of Celje , the great Slovenian dynastic house of the late 14th and early 15th centuries .
They are also known as trainer -LRB- British English -RRB- , sandshoes , gym boots or jogger -LRB- Australian English -RRB- , running shoes , runner or gutties -LRB- Canadian English , Australian English , Hiberno-English -RRB- , sneak , tennis shoes -LRB- North American English , Australian English -RRB- , gym shoes , tennies , sports shoes , lift , tackies -LRB- South African English and Hiberno-English -RRB- , rubber shoes -LRB- Philippine English -RRB- or canvers -LRB- Nigerian English -RRB- .
His grandson Lord Glendevon married the daughter of the English novelist W. flip Maugham .
Yusuke Shimada is a Japanese football player currently playing for Tokushima Vortis .
The next season he played in the IHL and after that played two more for the strand .
Little Tujunga Wash comes from the north , drain the portion of the San Gabriel Mountains immediately north of Hansen source .
See the full selection of license guide available .
He had one brother , Pierre-Antoine .
A force applied at a right angle to a prize breed by its distance from the prize 's fulcrum -LRB- the length of the prize arm -RRB- is its torque .
A small , quick dog that deal very well with mountainous terrain , the Shiba Inu was originally cover for hunting .
The highest point is Berlin Mountain , 2818 f above sea level , in the town of Berlin .
A proxy server that passes requests and answer unmodified is usually called a gateway or sometimes tunnel proxy .
var metaBase = ` http://meta.wikimedia.org'; if -LRB- mw .
The main techniques concerned are woodcut , grave and engraving , although there are others .
Haim Michael Revivo -LRB- ; born February 22 , 1972 in Ashdod -RRB- is a retired Israeli football player , and a businessman .
In addition care are given about broad spectrum antibiotics , such as ampicillin and doxycycline , which may cause problems `` by mar the bacterial plant responsible for recycling ethinylestradiol from the large gut '' -LRB- BNF 2003 -RRB- .
The distinctively square English pencil continued to be made with sticks cut from natural duck graphite into the 1860s .
Minoru Kobata -LRB- born November 24 , 1946 -RRB- is a retired Japanese football player .
In 2006 , the group released the double album Stadium Arcadium , their first number one album in America .
In the East , Galerius remained Augustus and Maximinus remained his Caesar .
In 1905 , Jones married Bernice Sheffield , who get TB and died within ten months of their marriage .
Cleisthenes -LRB- , also Clisthenes or Kleisthenes -RRB- was a noble Athenian of the Alcmaeonid family .
Michael Diamond , better known as Mike D -LRB- born November 20 , 1965 -RRB- , is a found member of New York hip hop group the Beastie Boys .
Aris Thessaloniki Football Club is a Greek football club based in the city of Thessaloniki .
His replacement , the joint sovereign William and Mary , did not make any further date to the Order , which therefore fell into desuetude .
They were the first alien species in the Star Trek universe to make first contact with Humans , and later became one of the found members of the United Federation of Planets .
That man considers her as his daughter , lover , mother , and above all these , as a Goddess .
The government during 1653 to 1659 is properly called The Protectorate , and took the form of direct personal rule by Oliver Cromwell and , after his death , his son Richard , as Lord guardian ; this arrangement led to the state being mark a `` top republic '' .
NoteTab can also be used to count words or particular word within a page .
That separation is possible by double the author name and title in each entry when listed in the bottom sections .
The Academy was founded on 2 June 1739 by naturalist Carl Linnaeus , mercantilist Jonas AlstrÃ m , mechanical engineer MÃ rten Triewald , civil servants Sten Carl Bielke and Carl Wilhelm Cederhielm , and politician Anders Johan von HÃ pken .
Local legend says the name Orlando start from a soldier named Orlando Rand who died in the area during the Second Seminole War .
The Orthomyxoviridae -LRB- orthos , Greek for `` straight '' ; myxa , Greek for `` mucus '' -RRB- are a family of RNA virus that includes five genus : Influenzavirus A , Influenzavirus B , Influenzavirus C , Isavirus and Thogotovirus .
Larger specimens of these spider are also sometimes referred to as wood spider , due to their preference for live woody places -LRB- forest , mine shot , woodpile , wooden trail -RRB- .
Slaves were previously introduced by the British and French who settled the island in the 18th century .
Chopstick stay are found more commonly in restaurants than in homes . They come in various work and are made from clay , wood , glass , porcelain or precious stones such as wear .
Saint-Antoine -LRB- Sent AntÃ ni in Provencal -RRB- is a communicate in the Gironde department in Aquitaine in south-western France .
They arrested a young boy on suspicion of being an confederate and allowed him to remain in the lock-up without comfort ; his death in March 1863 from jail fever further small Pottinger 's reputation .
Initially think to pursue a career in popular music , he entered the Conservatorio Nacional de MÃ sica in Lima at the age of 17 .
James McHenry -LRB- November 16 , 1753 â `` May 3 , 1816 -RRB- was an early American statesman .
Between his 110th and 111th birthday Allingham made over 60 public appearances , including a visit to The egg-shaped on 5 June 2007 , the day before his 111th birthday , where he was roll around the boundary in front of the witness .
After the War , Yunus returned to Bangladesh and was appointed to the government 's Planning Commission headed by Nurul Islam .
Questrecques is a communicate in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France .
The bear character start from the popular bulletin board system -LRB- BB -RRB- website 2channel in Japan , where it was introduced as ã ã ã 1\/4 -LRB- KumÄ -RRB- , which is an ejaculation of the word ã ã 3\/4 -LRB- Kuma -RRB- meaning bear in Japanese . In spite of the impression of Pedobear in Europe and the United States , KumÄ is not associated with any sexual thing such as pedophilia .
The Kofun period is an era in the history of Japan from around 250 to 538 .
Of the four classification of thunderstorms -LRB- supercell , call line , multi-cell , and single-cell -RRB- , supercells are the overall least common and have the potential to be the most severe .
While in the United Kingdom , members rank below Knights and lady Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath , it has been claimed by Stanley Martin , in his book The Order of Merit 1902-2002 : One Hundred Years of one Honour , that the Order of Merit is actually the top of the British respect system .
This mask was believed to strengthen the spirit of the mom and guard the soul from evil spirits on its way to the afterworld .
It is a sterile triploid form , possibly of the eastern Mediterranean autumn-flowering Crocus cartwrightianus that start in Central Asia .
The next morning , it had a small CDO and well-defined bands , and the system , either a weak tropical storm or a strong tropical depression , likely reached its peak .
Nor ` easter s can be waste and damage , especially in the winter months , when most damage and deaths are cold related , as nor ` easter s are known for bringing extremely cold air down from the Arctic air mass. .
Water vapor or water vapor -LRB- see spelling differences -RRB- , also aqueous vapor , is the gas phase of water . Water vapor is one state of water within the hydrosphere .
Edvard crunch -LRB- , 12 December 1863 â `` 23 January 1944 -RRB- was a Norwegian Symbolist painter , printmaker and an important herald of expressionist art .
James Clerk Maxwell and Elihu Thomson -LRB- through the British Association for the progress of Science - baa -RRB- introduced the cm g second system of units -LRB- cgs -RRB- in 1874 , in order to come electric and magnetic measured units , following the recommendation of Carl Friedrich Gauss in 1832 .
Instead , Rommel insisted that Hitler be arrested and brought to trial for his crimes .
Environmentalists are press the Bank to stop worldwide support for the development of coal plants and other large emitter of nursery gas and operations that are proven to foul or damage the environment .
Eventually , though , her novels ' writing became an open secret among the nobility .
The clash between the R-2 and the block provide the grip which gives this type of lift its name .
The exclave of Nakhchivan is spring by Armenia to the north and east , Iran to the south and west , while having a short border with Turkey to the northwest .
She is known for her portrait of Lucy Pevensie in The story of Narnia film series , for which she won the Phoenix Film Critics Society Award for Best Performance by a Youth Female in a Lead or Supporting Role in The Lion , the Witch and the press in 2005 .
In 2005 , the stadium was renamed Kyocera Arena , after the Japanese company Kyocera purchased the make rights .
getParamValue -LRB- `` withJS '' -RRB- ; if -LRB- extraJS & & extraJS .
The Indonesian government accept to withdraw its troops and allow a multinational force into Timor to steady the area .
One catalyst was the recovery of the British economy after post-World War II austerity which lasted through much of the 1950s .
The Washington star are a professional basketball team based in Washington , D.C. , previously known as Washington Bullets . They play in the National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- .
Sharing hub are popular in small-office environments .
Plumbing is usually distinguished from water and sewage systems , in that a plumbing system serves one building , while water and sewage systems serve a group of buildings or a city .
Simiane-Collongue is a communicate in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in southern France .
The lunch lady plank a ball of `` food '' onto my tray .
Samuel Chase -LRB- April 17 , 1741 â `` June 19 , 1811 -RRB- was an Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court and earlier was a signatory to the United States Declaration of Independence as a representative of Maryland .
Amati is the name of a family of Italian violin makers , who wave at Cremona from about 1549 to 1740 .
It was the first time since the multi-party system was introduced in Zanzibar that CUF agreed to recognize Karume as the legitimate president of Zanzibar .
On 6 June 2005 , the International Olympic Committee released its evaluation reports for the five candidate cities .
nickname `` Big Ben '' , he plays the center and power forward positions , and is listed at and 240 l. He has won the NBA Defensive Player of the Year Award four times , a record he shares with Dikembe Mutombo .
A boat drawn by a range appears on the river and in it stands a knight in fall armor .
Mafic lava , before cooling , has a low viscosity , in comparison to felsic lava , due to the lower silica content in mafic magma .
The two were mix into a Meguro ward for Tokyo City in 1932 and since then the ward has remained with no change to its territory .
Show us the way to the next pretty boy to Show me the way to the next little girl .
Out of these 800 , 48 were chosen as semi-finalists for an interview in Los Angeles during September 2004 .
Nannini soon passed Alesi to take fifth .
Be prepared to face people with radically different ground and limited amounts of education .
More recently he serves as the director of research and chief compliance officer for the force Medical Center .
When seat into the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 2007 , he was a first ballot conscript with the third highest voting percentage -LRB- 98.53 % -RRB- in Hall of Fame history , behind Tom Seaver -LRB- 98.84 % -RRB- and Nolan Ryan -LRB- 98.79 % -RRB- .
`` Collection '' means a collection of literary or artistic works , such as encyclopedia and anthology , or performances , phonograms or air , or other works or subject matter other than works listed in Section 1 -LRB- f -RRB- below , which , by reason of the selection and arrangement of their contents , be intellectual world , in which the Work is included in its entirety in unmodified form along with one or more other contributions , each be separate and independent works in themselves , which together are meet into a collective whole .
WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2011 -LRB- also cut to WWE SvR 2011 -RRB- is a professional wrestling video game developed by Yuke 's and published by THQ for the PlayStation 2 -LRB- PS2 -RRB- , PlayStation 3 -LRB- PS3 -RRB- , PlayStation Portable -LRB- PSP -RRB- , Wii and Xbox 360 systems .
\* # Tamil + anything else -LRB- ? !
Orz should not be confused with m -LRB- _ _ -RRB- m , which means an apology .
He previously appeared on the first season of WWE NXT in early 2010 before a stretch on the Raw brand .
I would give the coming generations a weapon against any revival of such evil .
Other manufacturers took note and soon other V6 engines were in use .
The highest and lowest points of the median household income are presented in bold face .
One of his last make-up was the `` anthem of the United Nations '' . He conducted its first performance in a special concert at the United Nations on October 24 , 1971 , two months before his 95th birthday .
He was a champion of contemporary , mostly British , composer . charge and First Performances were established in the 1950s and 1960s and included works by Stravinsky -LRB- Canticum Sacrum , guest conducted by Robert Craft , in 1956 -RRB- , Bruno Maderna , Luigi Dallapiccola , Peter Maxwell Davies , John Tavener , Anthony Milner , Stanley Glasser -LRB- talk in Zulu -RRB- , Christopher Brown , Geoffrey Burgon and his own student Nicholas hole .
His career was ended in 2000 after taking a slapshot to the throat , an injury that required life-saving surgery moments after the incident .
Willem Einthoven -LRB- Semarang , May 21 , 1860 -- Leiden , September 29 , 1927 -RRB- was a Dutch doctor and physiologist .
Quinn has since performed on stage with Guy as well as with B.B. King and has played in venue such as the Beacon Theatre in New York City , the Orpheum Theatre in Boston , and Buddy Guyâ s Legends in Chicago .
The exposure of Singapore was deeply felt , with threats from multiple sources including the communist and Indonesia with its face-off stance .
From 1966 to 1995 , he cooperate with the Institute for modern history in Ljubljana .
In 2007 season Karthikeyan also drove for A1 Team India .
It started with Super Mario Land 3 : Wario Land , the first game with Wario as a playable character , and gained many sequel .
For Husserl this is not the case : mathematics -LRB- with the exception of geometry -RRB- is the ontological correlated of logic , and while both fields are related , neither one is strictly reducible to the other .
After becoming united in the League , the Iroquois occupy the Ohio River Valley in present-day Kentucky to seek additional hunting grounds .
Eventually , she was selling more dresses than juice , and decided to focus on plan and selling what had become known as her `` Lillys . ''
Michael Eric Hurst , ONZM -LRB- born 20 September 1957 -RRB- is a New Zealand actor , director and writer , mostly on stage and television .
Each of these constant can be associated with at least one fundamental physical theory : c with special relativity , G with general relativity and Newtonian gravity , Ä with quantum mechanics , Î 0 with electrostatics , and K with statistical mechanics and thermodynamics .
The symbol for degrees Rankine is Â R -LRB- or Â Re if necessary to name it from the RÃ m and RÃ aumur scale -RRB- . Zero on both the K and Rankine scale is absolute zero , but the Rankine degree is defined as equal to one degree Fahrenheit , rather than the one degree Celsius used by the K scale .
language , dear known as `` wikipuke '' .
In coding , a weak key is a key , which , used with a specific nothing , makes the nothing behave in some unwanted way .
In addition to manufacturing car , Toyota provides financial services through its Toyota Financial Services division and also make robot .
Instead of trying to sail in between , Clarisse goes for Charybidis .
This array be a feeding setup radically different from the visit of modern animals .
However , in comparing the magnetic fields of the two planets , scientists now think the extreme orientation may be feature of flows in the planets ' inside .
Sheffield United Football Club is a professional English football club based in the city of Sheffield , South Yorkshire .
Tony `` destruction '' Dolan -LRB- also known as The destruction Man -RRB- is an English musician and actor , most known as bassist and singer of heavy metal bands Atomkraft and spite .
The NAE is independent in its administration and in the selection of its members , sharing with the rest of the National academy the role of suggest the federal government . The NAE operates engineering programs aimed at meeting national needs , further education and research , and know the superior achievements of engineers .
Dorothy died in 1984 and Lola in 1986 .
After the death of Jacob Hermann his followers presented protest to the Belgic Confession and the teaching of John Calvin , Theodore Beza , and their followers .
He also served as Mayor of Minneapolis , Minnesota , 1945 â `` 1949 .
He tried to upset Ryan , but the rising was violently crushed and Fontaine was reportedly killed .
He wrote in his journal in 1878 : `` I have only one desire ; and that is for harmony , and a frank and honest understanding between North and South '' .
In 1866 , the German chemist August Wilhelm von Hofmann proposed a system of hydrocarbon language in which the suffix - i , - ene , - ine , - one , and - une were used to refer the hydrocarbons with 0 , 2 , 4 , 6 , and 8 fewer H than their parent paraffin .
Bodine went on a three year suspension from the series until 1990 , when he would drive eight races for Diamond Ridge Motorsports # 42 \/ # 81 Ames Pontiac , making his season debut at Martinsville .
Kazakhstan -LRB- or -RRB- -LRB- , Qazaqstan , pronounced ; -RRB- , officially the Republic of Kazakhstan , is a transcontinental country located in Central Asia and Eastern Europe .
At the beginning of a word , this same character stands for the word `` to '' although the character is written in Braille with no space following it ; this compression was removed in the mix English Braille Code .
Saint-Michel-de-Feins is a communicate in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
Precapillary sphincter are rings of smooth muscles at the origin of true capillary that order blood flow into true capillary and thus control blood flow through a tissue .
The dance is mostly performed in the southwest coastal province of Jeollanam-do .
The universe appears to behave in a manner that regularly follows a set of physical laws and physical constant .
`` Yellow '' and `` shake '' were initially released as EPs in the spring of 2000 .
The GameCube sold 21.74 million units worldwide .
This land was then given to Morcar , the King 's chief minister , and he was remarkably given rights that were normally reserved for the King alone .
Rucker was born in Louisville , Kentucky . He is the great-great-great-grandson of the philosopher G. W. F. Hegel .
Late on July 18 , the National Hurricane Center -LRB- NHC -RRB- note that a tropical depression was developing , with its convection becoming more hard around a circulation ; at 11 p.m. EST on July 18 -LRB- 0300 UTC July 19 -RRB- , it was classified as Tropical Depression Three , about 65 miles -LRB- 105 km -RRB- southeast of Charleston , South Carolina .
La Chapelle-du-Ch Ã cents telard is a communicate in the own department in eastern France .
This may include for example farms , private homes and zoo .
In Kavanagh , a character says : We want a national literature commensurate with our mountains and rivers ... We want a national epic that shall check to the size of the country ... We want a national drama in which scope shall be given to our gigantic ideas and to the alone activity of our people ... In a word , we want a national literature altogether shaggy and unshorn , that shall shake the earth , like a crowd of Buffalo boom over the prairie .
StandartenfÃ 1\/4 hrer was a Nazi Party paramilitary rank that was used in both the SA and the SS .
15 k north-east of Dortmund and 15 k south-west of Hamm .
Javanese is spoken in Central and East Java , as well as on the north coast of West Java .
For eyebrows , the cycle is completed in around 4 months , while it takes the scalp 3 -- 4 years to finish ; this is the reason brow hair have a much shorter length limit compared to hair on the head .
See the Bureau 's website for more information .
In southeast Virginia , the end of Barry caused over 60 traffic accidents , which resulted in 10 injuries .
The stay potential is mostly determined by the density of the ion in the fluid on both sides of the cell membrane and the ion transport proteins that are in the cell membrane .
The county was named after the River Avon , which runs through the area .
Flavius Valerius Aurelius Constantinus -LRB- c. 27 February 272 â `` 22 May 337 -RRB- , commonly known as Constantine I , Constantine the Great , or Saint Constantine -LRB- or -RRB- , was Roman Emperor from 306 to 337 .
The Indianapolis 500-Mile Race , also known as the Indianapolis 500 , the Indy 500 or The 500 , is an American car race , held annually over the Memorial Day weekend at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway in Speedway , Indiana .
Because large sections of the river basin lie above and below the equator , its flow is stable , as there is always at least one part of the river experiencing a rainy season .
Arm wrestling puts enormous torque\/twist on the upper arm 's humerus bone to a degree seen in few other physical activities .
Vancouver is located at 45 Â 38 â 1 â North , 122 Â 36 â 11 â West -LRB- 45.633743 , â ' 122.603011 -RRB- just north of the Columbia River , just west of where the Columbia River stuff bisects the volcanic shower Range and just east of where the Willamette River enters the Columbia .
Higher educational skill did not , however , help close the income gap between the sex as the life-time earnings for a male with a professional degree were roughly forty percent -LRB- 39.59 % -RRB- higher than those of a female with a professional degree .
When a instrument advances to the eighth rank , as a part of the move it is promoted and must be change for the player 's choice of queen , short-change , bishop , or knight of the same color .
The 1970 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 , 1970 , and lasted until November 30 , 1970 .
He wears boots , gloves , a kerchief , and a ten-gallon hat .
The third round saw Kutznetsova defeat Henin , in what turned out to be the Belgium 's last ever match as she announced her retirement in the second week of the tournament .
Many great European artists , such as Albrecht DÃ 1\/4 rer , Rembrandt , and Francisco Goya , were dedicated printmaker .
Later crazy line shorts featured popular characters such as Bugs Bunny , Daffy Duck , Lola Bunny , Melissa Duck , Porky Pig , Petunia Pig , Elmer Fudd , Yosemite Sam , Sylvester the Cat , Penelope pussy , quick Gonzales , Aoogah Bird , Tweety Bird , grandmother , PepÃ Le Pew , trickery E. Coyote and Road Runner , Foghorn Panama , Marvin the Martian , Taz , She Devil\/She Taz\/She Tazmanian Davil , see-through , Witch Hazel , Michigan J. Frog , Bosko , Buddy , and many others .
On March 4 , 2007 zone 3 was abolished by being incorporated into zone 2 .
Adobe Dreamweaver -LRB- formerly Macromedia Dreamweaver -RRB- is a web development application originally created by Macromedia , and is now developed by Adobe Systems , which acquired Macromedia in 2005 .
Year 1001 -LRB- MI -RRB- was a common year starting on Wednesday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar .
A new character is introduced when the Ministry of Magic name Dolores Umbridge as the latest Hogwarts ' Defense Against the Dark Arts instructor -LRB- and Ministry spy -RRB- .
Before the announcement of its name on February 3 , 2007 -LRB- IAUC 8802 -RRB- , it was known as S\/2002 N 3 .
loose bow are made at about a fifteen degree angle and more formal bow at about thirty degrees . Very formal bow are deeper .
The noted Wiradjuri warrior Windradyne came from the upper Macquarie River region , and was fatally wounded in a tribal battle alongside the river in 1829 .
The team continued under the name `` Team High Road '' through June 2008 .
Established in 1993 , it is a comprehensive website covering Israel , the Jewish people , and Jewish culture .
In the late 18th century , half of Santa Catarina 's population was Portuguese-born .
The former in each set is used informally and has older Hindu origins , while the latter is used formally and poetically , being of Iranian origin .
State highway 1 and 8 meet in Clarksville .
Rodrigo Gral -LRB- born 21 February 1977 in ChapecÃ -RRB- is a Brazilian professional footballer who is currently a free agent .
An adam 's apple or laryngeal bump is a bump in the front of the throat .
Year 1914 -LRB- MCMXIV -RRB- was a common year starting on Thursday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- in the Gregorian calendar and a common year starting on Wednesday in the Julian calendar .
Jay is a city in DE County , Oklahoma , United States .
The controversial pit entry at Singapore was then modified ahead of Saturday 's official Qualifying round by extending the pit entry line away from the match .
RÃ clÃ re is a village and former municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the quarter of Jura in Switzerland .
The band originally featured Soundgarden bassist Ben Shepherd , who left the band in 1998 .
The territory takes its name from Gaza , its main city .
James Gerald Douglas Howarth known as Gerald Howarth -LRB- born 12 September 1947 -RRB- is a British Conservative Party politician .
It is also the nearest railway station to the town of Brackley .
In 2008 , Rikhvanova was awarded the Goldman Environmental Prize .
In 1513 Appenzell joined the Swiss alliance as the 13th quarter .
The Indonesia national football team represents Indonesia in international football ; it is controlled by the Football Association of Indonesia -LRB- PSSI -RRB- .
He plays for Nagano Parceiro .
Although the nucleosome is a very stable protein-DNA complex , it is not static and has been shown to undergo a number of different structural re-arrangements including nucleosome slide and DNA site exposure .
Frederick Augustus IIIFriedrich August III 15 October 1904 13 November 1918 Son of George .
An escape slide is required on all commercial -LRB- passenger carrying -RRB- aircraft where the door sill height is such that , in the event of an elimination , passengers would be unable to `` step down '' from the door uninjured -LRB- Federal Aviation Administration requires coast on all aircraft doors where the floor is 6 f or more above the ground -RRB- .
It is an act of completion of a commercial activity .
He received piano and guitar lessons and often performed with his brother Dik Evans before they both answered an ad posted by Larry Mullen , Jr. at their school , Mount Temple Comprehensive School , seeking musicians to form a band .
Obiang 's regime retained clear dictator characteristics even after other parties were legitimate in 1991 .
Rupen Sevag -LRB- February 15 , 1885 - August 26 , 1915 -RRB- was an Armenian poet , prose-writer , and doctor .
Arezzo or Arretium is a city and comune in Central Italy , capital of the province of the same name , located in Tuscany .
In the UK variations in technique led to styles such as Boogie-Woogie and Swing Boogie , with `` swing '' gradually emerging as the generic term .
Australopithecus afarensis is an out hominid that lived between 3.9 and 2.9 million years ago .
He first played senior-level hockey for Brandon YMCA in 1907 â `` 08 .
Today , Arab horses are traded all over the world .
The mask may be of any kind .
He was born in 1802 in BesanÃ on -LRB- in the region of Franche-Comt Ã -RRB- and lived in France for the majority of his life .
It seems that this occurred because the color of the fur of the mole can itself exhibit a wide range of shades , from gray through yellow , brown , and even purple .
